Basically, we are going to give you the Basically, we are going to give you the   Basically, we are going to give you the secrets behind 10X. We have run hundreds secrets behind 10X. We have run hundreds   secrets behind 10X. We have run hundreds of AI audits and built hundreds of road of AI audits and built hundreds of road   of AI audits and built hundreds of road maps [music] for companies. How we turn maps [music] for companies. How we turn   maps [music] for companies. How we turn all of this unstructured but valuable all of this unstructured but valuable   all of this unstructured but valuable data into an AI [music] report using data into an AI [music] report using   data into an AI [music] report using cloud code. How we then take that report cloud code. How we then take that report   cloud code. How we then take that report and turn it into a 12 month step-by-step and turn it into a 12 month step-by-step   and turn it into a 12 month step-by-step road map with AI [music] use cases using road map with AI [music] use cases using   road map with AI [music] use cases using the notion MCP. Arman, you ready to do the notion MCP. Arman, you ready to do   the notion MCP. Arman, you ready to do this thing? Let's do it. this thing? Let's do it.   this thing? Let's do it. What's up everyone? Welcome back to What's up everyone? Welcome back to   What's up everyone? Welcome back to another episode of Human in the Loop by another episode of Human in the Loop by   another episode of Human in the Loop by 10X. Uh, Human in the Loop is the most 10X. Uh, Human in the Loop is the most   10X. Uh, Human in the Loop is the most actionable AI show on the internet. I'm actionable AI show on the internet. I'm   actionable AI show on the internet. I'm one of your hosts, Alex Lieberman, one of your hosts, Alex Lieberman,   one of your hosts, Alex Lieberman, co-founder and managing partner at 10X. co-founder and managing partner at 10X.   co-founder and managing partner at 10X. And I'm joined as always by my And I'm joined as always by my   And I'm joined as always by my co-founder, managing partner, Arman co-founder, managing partner, Arman   co-founder, managing partner, Arman Hezarani, and we have an amazing episode Hezarani, and we have an amazing episode   Hezarani, and we have an amazing episode in store for today. Um, basically we're in store for today. Um, basically we're   in store for today. Um, basically we're we are going to give you the secrets we are going to give you the secrets   we are going to give you the secrets behind 10X. We have run hundreds of AI behind 10X. We have run hundreds of AI   behind 10X. We have run hundreds of AI audits and built hundreds of road maps audits and built hundreds of road maps   audits and built hundreds of road maps for companies who are looking to for companies who are looking to   for companies who are looking to transform their business with AI and we transform their business with AI and we   transform their business with AI and we are going to take you through our exact are going to take you through our exact   are going to take you through our exact process. So Arman, if people watch until process. So Arman, if people watch until   process. So Arman, if people watch until the end of this episode, what can they the end of this episode, what can they   the end of this episode, what can they expect specifically to get from us? expect specifically to get from us?   expect specifically to get from us? &gt;&gt; You will have the road map for how to &gt;&gt; You will have the road map for how to   &gt;&gt; You will have the road map for how to create your AI strategy or your AI road create your AI strategy or your AI road   create your AI strategy or your AI road map in your business. map in your business.   map in your business. We will be connecting. Basically We will be connecting. Basically   We will be connecting. Basically everything that you hear online about everything that you hear online about   everything that you hear online about AI, the lift that people are getting, AI, the lift that people are getting,   AI, the lift that people are getting, all of the buzz will become practical by all of the buzz will become practical by   all of the buzz will become practical by the end of this. the end of this.   the end of this. &gt;&gt; Yep. So we are going to take you through &gt;&gt; Yep. So we are going to take you through   &gt;&gt; Yep. So we are going to take you through everything from how we collect everything from how we collect   everything from how we collect information from clients, so how we run information from clients, so how we run   information from clients, so how we run our surveys of employees, how we do our surveys of employees, how we do   our surveys of employees, how we do stakeholder interviews and the specific stakeholder interviews and the specific   stakeholder interviews and the specific questions that we ask, how we turn all questions that we ask, how we turn all   questions that we ask, how we turn all of this unstructured but valuable data of this unstructured but valuable data   of this unstructured but valuable data into an AI report using cloud code. how into an AI report using cloud code. how   into an AI report using cloud code. how we then take that report and turn it we then take that report and turn it   we then take that report and turn it into a 12 month step-by-step roadmap into a 12 month step-by-step roadmap   into a 12 month step-by-step roadmap with AI use cases using the notion MCP. with AI use cases using the notion MCP.   with AI use cases using the notion MCP. We are going to take you through all of We are going to take you through all of   We are going to take you through all of it. If you stay to the end of the it. If you stay to the end of the   it. If you stay to the end of the episode, also just as a heads up, if you episode, also just as a heads up, if you   episode, also just as a heads up, if you end up watching all of this and you're end up watching all of this and you're   end up watching all of this and you're like, damn, this feels like a lot of like, damn, this feels like a lot of   like, damn, this feels like a lot of work. It is, but it's worth it. If you work. It is, but it's worth it. If you   work. It is, but it's worth it. If you ever feel like you want 10X's support to ever feel like you want 10X's support to   ever feel like you want 10X's support to help with these audits, we do help with these audits, we do   help with these audits, we do complimentary AI audits and build complimentary AI audits and build   complimentary AI audits and build 12-month road mapaps for you for free. 12-month road mapaps for you for free.   12-month road mapaps for you for free. Not for every company, but we try to Not for every company, but we try to   Not for every company, but we try to help as many as we can. So, if you're help as many as we can. So, if you're   help as many as we can. So, if you're interested, go to 10x.co/gety interested, go to 10x.co/gety   interested, go to 10x.co/gety started. We'll throw the link in the started. We'll throw the link in the   started. We'll throw the link in the chat and um we'll try to help as many chat and um we'll try to help as many   chat and um we'll try to help as many companies as we can. Arman, you ready to companies as we can. Arman, you ready to   companies as we can. Arman, you ready to do this thing? do this thing?   do this thing? &gt;&gt; Let's do it. &gt;&gt; Let's do it.   &gt;&gt; Let's do it. &gt;&gt; Okay guys, quick break. I know this is a &gt;&gt; Okay guys, quick break. I know this is a   &gt;&gt; Okay guys, quick break. I know this is a ton. and we're taking you through the ton. and we're taking you through the   ton. and we're taking you through the step-by-step process for how to set your step-by-step process for how to set your   step-by-step process for how to set your company's 12-month AI roadmap. If you company's 12-month AI roadmap. If you   company's 12-month AI roadmap. If you want all of this so you don't have to want all of this so you don't have to   want all of this so you don't have to take notes, plus more information that take notes, plus more information that   take notes, plus more information that Arman and I added after the episode, go Arman and I added after the episode, go   Arman and I added after the episode, go to the link in the description below and to the link in the description below and   to the link in the description below and it takes you through the whole playbook it takes you through the whole playbook   it takes you through the whole playbook we use at our company for hundreds of we use at our company for hundreds of   we use at our company for hundreds of other businesses. Okay, so I'm going to other businesses. Okay, so I'm going to   other businesses. Okay, so I'm going to kind of take us through the first part kind of take us through the first part   kind of take us through the first part relatively quickly because I feel like relatively quickly because I feel like   relatively quickly because I feel like so much of the value of this process is so much of the value of this process is   so much of the value of this process is in the analysis of information and then in the analysis of information and then   in the analysis of information and then deciding how to build out your AI deciding how to build out your AI   deciding how to build out your AI transformation roadmap. But the first transformation roadmap. But the first   transformation roadmap. But the first step in this entire process is what we step in this entire process is what we   step in this entire process is what we call problem mining. And problem mining call problem mining. And problem mining   call problem mining. And problem mining is very simply how do you identify all is very simply how do you identify all   is very simply how do you identify all of the bottlenecks, resource of the bottlenecks, resource   of the bottlenecks, resource constraints, and problems within a constraints, and problems within a   constraints, and problems within a business that are holding them back from business that are holding them back from   business that are holding them back from hitting their goals so that we hitting their goals so that we   hitting their goals so that we understand where AI can and can't be understand where AI can and can't be   understand where AI can and can't be used to unlock value and unstick these used to unlock value and unstick these   used to unlock value and unstick these bottlenecks. And so there are basically bottlenecks. And so there are basically   bottlenecks. And so there are basically three main ways we identify three main ways we identify   three main ways we identify opportunities for a business. First is opportunities for a business. First is   opportunities for a business. First is we do a ton of research around that we do a ton of research around that   we do a ton of research around that business's industry and the specific business's industry and the specific   business's industry and the specific functions within that business. The functions within that business. The   functions within that business. The second is we run a employeewide survey. second is we run a employeewide survey.   second is we run a employeewide survey. So as many employees as are willing to So as many employees as are willing to   So as many employees as are willing to fill out this AI readiness survey, we fill out this AI readiness survey, we   fill out this AI readiness survey, we have them fill it out. And the third is have them fill it out. And the third is   have them fill it out. And the third is we run stakeholder interviews. Half of we run stakeholder interviews. Half of   we run stakeholder interviews. Half of our interviews are with executives in a our interviews are with executives in a   our interviews are with executives in a company. And then the other half are company. And then the other half are   company. And then the other half are with people who filled out the survey with people who filled out the survey   with people who filled out the survey who we think have identified specific who we think have identified specific   who we think have identified specific problems where there could be a lot of problems where there could be a lot of   problems where there could be a lot of value to unlock. So the first thing I'm value to unlock. So the first thing I'm   value to unlock. So the first thing I'm going to do is just take literally show going to do is just take literally show   going to do is just take literally show you our exact survey that we use. You you our exact survey that we use. You   you our exact survey that we use. You can steal it if you want. You can take can steal it if you want. You can take   can steal it if you want. You can take all the questions, but we spent a lot of all the questions, but we spent a lot of   all the questions, but we spent a lot of time thinking through what are the time thinking through what are the   time thinking through what are the questions we should be asking executives questions we should be asking executives   questions we should be asking executives and employees in this survey to reveal and employees in this survey to reveal   and employees in this survey to reveal the biggest problems and bottlenecks. the biggest problems and bottlenecks.   the biggest problems and bottlenecks. Then we'll go through the stakeholder Then we'll go through the stakeholder   Then we'll go through the stakeholder interviews and then we'll start going interviews and then we'll start going   interviews and then we'll start going through the actual process of working up through the actual process of working up   through the actual process of working up the AI transformation report. So, let me the AI transformation report. So, let me   the AI transformation report. So, let me share my screen and let me know if you share my screen and let me know if you   share my screen and let me know if you all can see it.       Whoa. Whoa.   Whoa. Okay. Screen Okay. Screen   Okay. Screen 10X survey. 10X survey.   10X survey. Can you guys see this? Can you guys see this?   Can you guys see this? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep.   &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Awesome. So, basically this is the &gt;&gt; Awesome. So, basically this is the   &gt;&gt; Awesome. So, basically this is the survey that we sent to every company. survey that we sent to every company.   survey that we sent to every company. And our goal in doing an AI survey and And our goal in doing an AI survey and   And our goal in doing an AI survey and how you should think about it is you are how you should think about it is you are   how you should think about it is you are like the AI transformation champion like the AI transformation champion   like the AI transformation champion within your business is you want to within your business is you want to   within your business is you want to collect as much information from people collect as much information from people   collect as much information from people as possible. So you have surf enough as possible. So you have surf enough   as possible. So you have surf enough surface area for identifying problems surface area for identifying problems   surface area for identifying problems and bottlenecks and annoyances, but you and bottlenecks and annoyances, but you   and bottlenecks and annoyances, but you have to expect that people will only have to expect that people will only   have to expect that people will only spend maximum 15 minutes filling this spend maximum 15 minutes filling this   spend maximum 15 minutes filling this thing out. And so you need to make sure thing out. And so you need to make sure   thing out. And so you need to make sure every question packs a punch. So we ask every question packs a punch. So we ask   every question packs a punch. So we ask like the obvious questions which I'm like the obvious questions which I'm   like the obvious questions which I'm going to skip through. Um but then the going to skip through. Um but then the   going to skip through. Um but then the most important questions that we ask are most important questions that we ask are   most important questions that we ask are actually how long have you been with the actually how long have you been with the   actually how long have you been with the company? There's a very specific reason company? There's a very specific reason   company? There's a very specific reason that we ask this question. And the that we ask this question. And the   that we ask this question. And the reason we asked this question is because reason we asked this question is because   reason we asked this question is because it is really important when you are it is really important when you are   it is really important when you are doing AI transformation in your doing AI transformation in your   doing AI transformation in your business, you need not only executive business, you need not only executive   business, you need not only executive level uh champions who are going to level uh champions who are going to   level uh champions who are going to drive forward AI in your company and if drive forward AI in your company and if   drive forward AI in your company and if you don't have that then honestly I you don't have that then honestly I   you don't have that then honestly I wouldn't even start with this whole wouldn't even start with this whole   wouldn't even start with this whole transformation plan because you need transformation plan because you need   transformation plan because you need exact buyin but beyond that you want exact buyin but beyond that you want   exact buyin but beyond that you want whether it's mid-level managers or rank whether it's mid-level managers or rank   whether it's mid-level managers or rank and file folks who have been in the and file folks who have been in the   and file folks who have been in the company for a long time who have a ton company for a long time who have a ton   company for a long time who have a ton of social currency they've built up in of social currency they've built up in   of social currency they've built up in the business and you need these people the business and you need these people   the business and you need these people to champion transformation in your to champion transformation in your   to champion transformation in your business as well. The other questions we business as well. The other questions we   business as well. The other questions we ask people are what are your main weekly ask people are what are your main weekly   ask people are what are your main weekly tasks and responsibilities? We have tasks and responsibilities? We have   tasks and responsibilities? We have people literally line by line right how people literally line by line right how   people literally line by line right how do they spend their time in their day or do they spend their time in their day or   do they spend their time in their day or their week. The reason for this is we their week. The reason for this is we   their week. The reason for this is we all you know are spending a lot of time all you know are spending a lot of time   all you know are spending a lot of time in our jobs in execution mode and it is in our jobs in execution mode and it is   in our jobs in execution mode and it is a new muscle for people to step back and a new muscle for people to step back and   a new muscle for people to step back and actually be introspective and ask actually be introspective and ask   actually be introspective and ask themselves what are the tasks that I themselves what are the tasks that I   themselves what are the tasks that I actually do in my day and what are the actually do in my day and what are the   actually do in my day and what are the tasks that are worthy of my time and tasks that are worthy of my time and   tasks that are worthy of my time and what are the tasks that are not worthy what are the tasks that are not worthy   what are the tasks that are not worthy of my time. So, a lot of this survey is of my time. So, a lot of this survey is   of my time. So, a lot of this survey is actually training people to kind of step actually training people to kind of step   actually training people to kind of step above or step out of the mud of their above or step out of the mud of their   above or step out of the mud of their work and ask themselves, are they work and ask themselves, are they   work and ask themselves, are they spending their time in alignment with spending their time in alignment with   spending their time in alignment with how they think they should spend it? how they think they should spend it?   how they think they should spend it? Then we ask people, you know, what Then we ask people, you know, what   Then we ask people, you know, what percentage of your weekly tasks are percentage of your weekly tasks are   percentage of your weekly tasks are repetitive versus novel or creative? repetitive versus novel or creative?   repetitive versus novel or creative? Which task do you enjoy most versus Which task do you enjoy most versus   Which task do you enjoy most versus which do you find most frustrating? And which do you find most frustrating? And   which do you find most frustrating? And then we basically ask this next series then we basically ask this next series   then we basically ask this next series of questions twice. We ask what is your of questions twice. We ask what is your   of questions twice. We ask what is your most inefficient or time consuming most inefficient or time consuming   most inefficient or time consuming consuming task? Explain it and explain consuming task? Explain it and explain   consuming task? Explain it and explain why it is inefficient. And then this why it is inefficient. And then this   why it is inefficient. And then this goes to the question that someone was goes to the question that someone was   goes to the question that someone was asking around ROI. We always ask people asking around ROI. We always ask people   asking around ROI. We always ask people if this inefficiency were solved if this inefficiency were solved   if this inefficiency were solved immediately, what specific benefit would immediately, what specific benefit would   immediately, what specific benefit would you or the company experience? And we you or the company experience? And we   you or the company experience? And we give the example of you should quantify give the example of you should quantify   give the example of you should quantify it by time or dollars. And then we ask it by time or dollars. And then we ask   it by time or dollars. And then we ask people, have you already attempted to people, have you already attempted to   people, have you already attempted to solve this inefficiency? If yes, what solve this inefficiency? If yes, what   solve this inefficiency? If yes, what did you try and why didn't it fully did you try and why didn't it fully   did you try and why didn't it fully solve the problem? And so it gives us a solve the problem? And so it gives us a   solve the problem? And so it gives us a sense of like how big is this problem? sense of like how big is this problem?   sense of like how big is this problem? What would the ROI be if we solved it? What would the ROI be if we solved it?   What would the ROI be if we solved it? And is there anything we should know And is there anything we should know   And is there anything we should know about how it's kind of been attempted to about how it's kind of been attempted to   about how it's kind of been attempted to be solved that didn't work out so that be solved that didn't work out so that   be solved that didn't work out so that we don't have to make the same mistake we don't have to make the same mistake   we don't have to make the same mistake twice? We ask that set of questions twice? We ask that set of questions   twice? We ask that set of questions twice or our goal in this survey is to twice or our goal in this survey is to   twice or our goal in this survey is to basically learn from every employee. basically learn from every employee.   basically learn from every employee. What are the two most annoying time What are the two most annoying time   What are the two most annoying time consuming wrote tasks in your job that consuming wrote tasks in your job that   consuming wrote tasks in your job that if we were to AI or automate would make if we were to AI or automate would make   if we were to AI or automate would make you way happier in your job and also you way happier in your job and also   you way happier in your job and also higher leverage. So this is how we run higher leverage. So this is how we run   higher leverage. So this is how we run the survey. Arman, anything you want to the survey. Arman, anything you want to   the survey. Arman, anything you want to share about this survey process before share about this survey process before   share about this survey process before we talk about the stakeholder we talk about the stakeholder   we talk about the stakeholder interviews? interviews?   interviews? &gt;&gt; Yeah, one thing that I that I think is &gt;&gt; Yeah, one thing that I that I think is   &gt;&gt; Yeah, one thing that I that I think is interesting that we should call out is interesting that we should call out is   interesting that we should call out is Could you actually pull it back up? Could you actually pull it back up?   Could you actually pull it back up? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't even I was I was thinking &gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't even I was I was thinking   &gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't even I was I was thinking through this as you were going through through this as you were going through   through this as you were going through it. I don't think the word AI is it. I don't think the word AI is   it. I don't think the word AI is mentioned in a single question like mentioned in a single question like   mentioned in a single question like could you just do like a command F and could you just do like a command F and   could you just do like a command F and make sure of that like let's see       so AI survey so AI survey   so AI survey I think the only place that you ask is I think the only place that you ask is   I think the only place that you ask is how often do you use it and then we may how often do you use it and then we may   how often do you use it and then we may have have   have &gt;&gt; just to get a baseline &gt;&gt; just to get a baseline   &gt;&gt; just to get a baseline &gt;&gt; yes and then which specific tools do you &gt;&gt; yes and then which specific tools do you   &gt;&gt; yes and then which specific tools do you use and how what excites you most about use and how what excites you most about   use and how what excites you most about it in your industry or work it in your industry or work   it in your industry or work &gt;&gt; yeah and I think It's like the reason &gt;&gt; yeah and I think It's like the reason   &gt;&gt; yeah and I think It's like the reason why I highlight that is because why I highlight that is because   why I highlight that is because something that that really matters is something that that really matters is   something that that really matters is making sure that we're not just trying making sure that we're not just trying   making sure that we're not just trying to slap AI on something for the for the to slap AI on something for the for the   to slap AI on something for the for the sake of doing that. Like sake of doing that. Like   sake of doing that. Like in order to get the buyin that's in order to get the buyin that's   in order to get the buyin that's necessary for this work, in order to get necessary for this work, in order to get   necessary for this work, in order to get people excited, in order to make it all people excited, in order to make it all   people excited, in order to make it all worth it, you have to tie it to the worth it, you have to tie it to the   worth it, you have to tie it to the things that matter. And that's why a lot things that matter. And that's why a lot   things that matter. And that's why a lot of the questions are around like what of the questions are around like what   of the questions are around like what are you doing that's really annoying and are you doing that's really annoying and   are you doing that's really annoying and taking a lot of your time? And if we taking a lot of your time? And if we   taking a lot of your time? And if we were to solve this problem, what is the were to solve this problem, what is the   were to solve this problem, what is the lift you would get? This is a lift you would get? This is a   lift you would get? This is a traditional management consulting style traditional management consulting style   traditional management consulting style uh survey. This could this exact same uh survey. This could this exact same   uh survey. This could this exact same thing could work for an AI agency, for a thing could work for an AI agency, for a   thing could work for an AI agency, for a traditional technology agency, for any traditional technology agency, for any   traditional technology agency, for any type of external consultant or in this type of external consultant or in this   type of external consultant or in this case internal consultant. Um yeah, I case internal consultant. Um yeah, I   case internal consultant. Um yeah, I think that's really important to think that's really important to   think that's really important to highlight highlight   highlight &gt;&gt; and to that point like while we are &gt;&gt; and to that point like while we are   &gt;&gt; and to that point like while we are asking these problems asking these problems   asking these problems to be able to look through the lens of to be able to look through the lens of   to be able to look through the lens of AI AI   AI this type of questioning literally is this type of questioning literally is   this type of questioning literally is just a line of questioning for finding just a line of questioning for finding   just a line of questioning for finding problems in a business and actually I problems in a business and actually I   problems in a business and actually I think before even going to stakeholder think before even going to stakeholder   think before even going to stakeholder interviews I was jotting down like what interviews I was jotting down like what   interviews I was jotting down like what are some of the biggest lessons that we are some of the biggest lessons that we   are some of the biggest lessons that we have had in running these audits for have had in running these audits for   have had in running these audits for companies and doing a bunch of these companies and doing a bunch of these   companies and doing a bunch of these surveys and interviews like what are the surveys and interviews like what are the   surveys and interviews like what are the recurring patterns I'm going to call out recurring patterns I'm going to call out   recurring patterns I'm going to call out a few Arman, but I'm curious to hear if a few Arman, but I'm curious to hear if   a few Arman, but I'm curious to hear if you have any thoughts as well. you have any thoughts as well.   you have any thoughts as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah.   &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, the first and this speaks to your &gt;&gt; So, the first and this speaks to your   &gt;&gt; So, the first and this speaks to your exact point is when we when we start exact point is when we when we start   exact point is when we when we start surveying people or we get people on a surveying people or we get people on a   surveying people or we get people on a stakeholder interview, people stakeholder interview, people   stakeholder interview, people immediately jump to brainstorming AI immediately jump to brainstorming AI   immediately jump to brainstorming AI solutions, they're like, I want this AI solutions, they're like, I want this AI   solutions, they're like, I want this AI use case. I want this AI use case. And I use case. I want this AI use case. And I   use case. I want this AI use case. And I feel like so much of the work we do is feel like so much of the work we do is   feel like so much of the work we do is pushing people to talk about problems pushing people to talk about problems   pushing people to talk about problems because at the end of the day, AI is because at the end of the day, AI is   because at the end of the day, AI is valuable, but it also does not solve valuable, but it also does not solve   valuable, but it also does not solve every problem. And at the end of the every problem. And at the end of the   every problem. And at the end of the day, AI is just a tool for problem day, AI is just a tool for problem   day, AI is just a tool for problem solving. And so I think people are so solving. And so I think people are so   solving. And so I think people are so fixated on this technology that they fixated on this technology that they   fixated on this technology that they feel like AI is a hammer and every feel like AI is a hammer and every   feel like AI is a hammer and every problem is a nail, but that is just not problem is a nail, but that is just not   problem is a nail, but that is just not the case. Any thoughts on that? Yeah, I the case. Any thoughts on that? Yeah, I   the case. Any thoughts on that? Yeah, I think that's both a strength and a think that's both a strength and a   think that's both a strength and a weakness. Like it's a strength because weakness. Like it's a strength because   weakness. Like it's a strength because ultimately that's what's getting us to ultimately that's what's getting us to   ultimately that's what's getting us to even have the conversation, right? like even have the conversation, right? like   even have the conversation, right? like AI is is providing the activation energy AI is is providing the activation energy   AI is is providing the activation energy to get people to think about how they to get people to think about how they   to get people to think about how they can make their company more efficient or can make their company more efficient or   can make their company more efficient or do their work better and that's really do their work better and that's really   do their work better and that's really good but in a lot of the questions that good but in a lot of the questions that   good but in a lot of the questions that we have and we'll talk about this in the we have and we'll talk about this in the   we have and we'll talk about this in the survey in a lot of the questions that we survey in a lot of the questions that we   survey in a lot of the questions that we ask or in the interviews we're asking ask or in the interviews we're asking   ask or in the interviews we're asking hey forget about AI like stop thinking hey forget about AI like stop thinking   hey forget about AI like stop thinking about AI let's just go back to what are about AI let's just go back to what are   about AI let's just go back to what are your goals what are you thinking about your goals what are you thinking about   your goals what are you thinking about um daytoday and we really try and get um daytoday and we really try and get   um daytoday and we really try and get the AI part out of their minds and just the AI part out of their minds and just   the AI part out of their minds and just get back to brass hacks. What are you get back to brass hacks. What are you   get back to brass hacks. What are you thinking about this morning? What keeps thinking about this morning? What keeps   thinking about this morning? What keeps you up at night about work? What are you up at night about work? What are   you up at night about work? What are your goals and what's keeping you from your goals and what's keeping you from   your goals and what's keeping you from those goals? And then it's our job as those goals? And then it's our job as   those goals? And then it's our job as the AI experts to overlay AI as a the AI experts to overlay AI as a   the AI experts to overlay AI as a solution. And what's funny is that a lot solution. And what's funny is that a lot   solution. And what's funny is that a lot of those AI solutions are actually it's of those AI solutions are actually it's   of those AI solutions are actually it's like a 10-step process and and nine out like a 10-step process and and nine out   like a 10-step process and and nine out of the 10 steps are just traditional of the 10 steps are just traditional   of the 10 steps are just traditional code or technology and maybe one of the code or technology and maybe one of the   code or technology and maybe one of the steps is AI and and again that's why steps is AI and and again that's why   steps is AI and and again that's why it's important to think about things it's important to think about things   it's important to think about things outside of AI. Okay, so we have the outside of AI. Okay, so we have the   outside of AI. Okay, so we have the survey. Let's just say we've surveyed a survey. Let's just say we've surveyed a   survey. Let's just say we've surveyed a company. We've gotten 50 responses. So, company. We've gotten 50 responses. So,   company. We've gotten 50 responses. So, this sits in like a big CSV file for us. this sits in like a big CSV file for us.   this sits in like a big CSV file for us. We do it in Notion, but companies can do We do it in Notion, but companies can do   We do it in Notion, but companies can do it kind of at Google Sheets, wherever. it kind of at Google Sheets, wherever.   it kind of at Google Sheets, wherever. So, we have these survey responses. At So, we have these survey responses. At   So, we have these survey responses. At the same time, at 10X, we start setting the same time, at 10X, we start setting   the same time, at 10X, we start setting up these stakeholder interviews, and up these stakeholder interviews, and   up these stakeholder interviews, and depending on if it's a free or a paid depending on if it's a free or a paid   depending on if it's a free or a paid diagnostic, we'll either do five or six diagnostic, we'll either do five or six   diagnostic, we'll either do five or six of these or we'll literally dozens of of these or we'll literally dozens of   of these or we'll literally dozens of them and talk to people throughout the them and talk to people throughout the   them and talk to people throughout the company. Um, I feel like you have gotten company. Um, I feel like you have gotten   company. Um, I feel like you have gotten down a really good process for getting down a really good process for getting   down a really good process for getting as much value out of these stakeholder as much value out of these stakeholder   as much value out of these stakeholder interviews in 30 minutes as humanly interviews in 30 minutes as humanly   interviews in 30 minutes as humanly possible. Talk through your method for possible. Talk through your method for   possible. Talk through your method for running these interviews with executives running these interviews with executives   running these interviews with executives or people. What are the questions you or people. What are the questions you   or people. What are the questions you love asking and why do you think they're love asking and why do you think they're   love asking and why do you think they're so helpful in pulling out problems and so helpful in pulling out problems and   so helpful in pulling out problems and challenges? challenges?   challenges? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I think what's really &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I think what's really   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I think what's really important is to get people to open up important is to get people to open up   important is to get people to open up and to get people to speak very and to get people to speak very   and to get people to speak very honestly. And so I actually start every honestly. And so I actually start every   honestly. And so I actually start every interview with three questions. I always interview with three questions. I always   interview with three questions. I always start by asking one, what do you do? start by asking one, what do you do?   start by asking one, what do you do? What is your role? Right? Very simple. What is your role? Right? Very simple.   What is your role? Right? Very simple. But then what are you excited about with But then what are you excited about with   But then what are you excited about with AI and what are you skeptical about with AI and what are you skeptical about with   AI and what are you skeptical about with AI? And and that always gets people to AI? And and that always gets people to   AI? And and that always gets people to open up about, hey, you know, I'm open up about, hey, you know, I'm   open up about, hey, you know, I'm actually worried about the fact that actually worried about the fact that   actually worried about the fact that like I think implementing AI might make like I think implementing AI might make   like I think implementing AI might make people in the organization um focus on people in the organization um focus on   people in the organization um focus on less of the details or I've had somebody less of the details or I've had somebody   less of the details or I've had somebody tell me that they were worried about the tell me that they were worried about the   tell me that they were worried about the like I don't know some some some uh job like I don't know some some some uh job   like I don't know some some some uh job loss concern or something like that. loss concern or something like that.   loss concern or something like that. Right? Right?   Right? What that allows us to do is it sets the What that allows us to do is it sets the   What that allows us to do is it sets the it sets the foundation of the fact that it sets the foundation of the fact that   it sets the foundation of the fact that like listen, I'm here to I'm here to like listen, I'm here to I'm here to   like listen, I'm here to I'm here to listen to you. uh whether you're telling listen to you. uh whether you're telling   listen to you. uh whether you're telling me a concern or if you're telling me me a concern or if you're telling me   me a concern or if you're telling me something you're excited about um with something you're excited about um with   something you're excited about um with AI and I think doing that in your own AI and I think doing that in your own   AI and I think doing that in your own org also opens up the conversation and org also opens up the conversation and   org also opens up the conversation and and and   and if people think that you're just there if people think that you're just there   if people think that you're just there to be the AI maximalist and you're just to be the AI maximalist and you're just   to be the AI maximalist and you're just going to throw AI everywhere, they're going to throw AI everywhere, they're   going to throw AI everywhere, they're going to be less likely to engage. And going to be less likely to engage. And   going to be less likely to engage. And that's why that question is really that's why that question is really   that's why that question is really important to get people to to really important to get people to to really   important to get people to to really open up to the fact that we're not just open up to the fact that we're not just   open up to the fact that we're not just going to use AI for the sake of it. And going to use AI for the sake of it. And   going to use AI for the sake of it. And again, I'm going to keep saying that and again, I'm going to keep saying that and   again, I'm going to keep saying that and and asking people what are you skeptical and asking people what are you skeptical   and asking people what are you skeptical about has shown to be a really good way about has shown to be a really good way   about has shown to be a really good way to show them that you as well know that to show them that you as well know that   to show them that you as well know that there are limitations to the technology. there are limitations to the technology.   there are limitations to the technology. Um, but I know you you always ask about Um, but I know you you always ask about   Um, but I know you you always ask about the like the day-to-day like like you the like the day-to-day like like you   the like the day-to-day like like you you get really in the nitty-gritty. What you get really in the nitty-gritty. What   you get really in the nitty-gritty. What what are the questions that you ask to what are the questions that you ask to   what are the questions that you ask to get there? get there?   get there? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I mean, I think I I was saying &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I mean, I think I I was saying   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I mean, I think I I was saying this before, but I think people don't this before, but I think people don't   this before, but I think people don't have a self-awareness of how they spend have a self-awareness of how they spend   have a self-awareness of how they spend their time. uh people just do their their time. uh people just do their   their time. uh people just do their daily work. They, you know, they clock daily work. They, you know, they clock   daily work. They, you know, they clock in, they clock out, they go home, and in, they clock out, they go home, and   in, they clock out, they go home, and they don't really have an awareness of they don't really have an awareness of   they don't really have an awareness of how would they like to spend their time how would they like to spend their time   how would they like to spend their time versus how are they spending their time. versus how are they spending their time.   versus how are they spending their time. So, the thing I literally ask people is So, the thing I literally ask people is   So, the thing I literally ask people is I say, "From the second you get into I say, "From the second you get into   I say, "From the second you get into your office to the second you leave your your office to the second you leave your   your office to the second you leave your office and go home, walk me through office and go home, walk me through   office and go home, walk me through every task you've done." And I will every task you've done." And I will   every task you've done." And I will actually have people bring up their actually have people bring up their   actually have people bring up their calendar and take me through calendar and take me through   calendar and take me through meeting invite by meeting invite by deep meeting invite by meeting invite by deep   meeting invite by meeting invite by deep work time by deep work time to literally work time by deep work time to literally   work time by deep work time to literally take me through what they did. And part take me through what they did. And part   take me through what they did. And part of that exercise is for them to actually of that exercise is for them to actually   of that exercise is for them to actually understand for themsel how they spend understand for themsel how they spend   understand for themsel how they spend their time for the first time. But I their time for the first time. But I   their time for the first time. But I think what it also reveals to me what think what it also reveals to me what   think what it also reveals to me what what I'm basically looking for what are what I'm basically looking for what are   what I'm basically looking for what are the tasks that they are unique not the tasks that they are unique not   the tasks that they are unique not uniquely qualified to do that they are uniquely qualified to do that they are   uniquely qualified to do that they are probably overpaid to do and could either probably overpaid to do and could either   probably overpaid to do and could either be automated out or AI can support with be automated out or AI can support with   be automated out or AI can support with and then I once I hear one or two of and then I once I hear one or two of   and then I once I hear one or two of these then I start asking about the these then I start asking about the   these then I start asking about the these tasks I ask how long they spend on these tasks I ask how long they spend on   these tasks I ask how long they spend on them. If they could wave a magic wand them. If they could wave a magic wand   them. If they could wave a magic wand would they be doing the task? If not how would they be doing the task? If not how   would they be doing the task? If not how would they think about getting rid of would they think about getting rid of   would they think about getting rid of the task? And and so that is my goal is the task? And and so that is my goal is   the task? And and so that is my goal is like I work best in finding problems like I work best in finding problems   like I work best in finding problems when I truly have a visual of someone's when I truly have a visual of someone's   when I truly have a visual of someone's day. And so I try to have someone day. And so I try to have someone   day. And so I try to have someone literally visualize their day for me. So literally visualize their day for me. So   literally visualize their day for me. So follow question on that. This is follow question on that. This is   follow question on that. This is something that I struggle with when I'm something that I struggle with when I'm   something that I struggle with when I'm doing these interviews to like there's doing these interviews to like there's   doing these interviews to like there's two potential concerns with that two potential concerns with that   two potential concerns with that conversation. One is like Johnny from conversation. One is like Johnny from   conversation. One is like Johnny from accounting who just hates sending out accounting who just hates sending out   accounting who just hates sending out invoices or something like but that but invoices or something like but that but   invoices or something like but that but Johnny needs to keep doing that and Johnny needs to keep doing that and   Johnny needs to keep doing that and maybe not sending invoices. But how do maybe not sending invoices. But how do   maybe not sending invoices. But how do you discern between you discern between   you discern between something that's just annoying versus something that's just annoying versus   something that's just annoying versus something that hits the P&amp;L? And second something that hits the P&amp;L? And second   something that hits the P&amp;L? And second is is how do you discern between a is is how do you discern between a   is is how do you discern between a problem that one person is facing versus problem that one person is facing versus   problem that one person is facing versus a problem that impacts 30% of the organ a problem that impacts 30% of the organ   a problem that impacts 30% of the organ will will actually impact Ebida? will will actually impact Ebida?   will will actually impact Ebida? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I think one of the things is &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I think one of the things is   &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I think one of the things is the conversations with rank and file the conversations with rank and file   the conversations with rank and file employees employees   employees give me insight into processes that can give me insight into processes that can   give me insight into processes that can be like fixed through technology or or be like fixed through technology or or   be like fixed through technology or or revamped through technology. revamped through technology.   revamped through technology. The reason to me conversations with The reason to me conversations with   The reason to me conversations with executives are so important is because executives are so important is because   executives are so important is because that's kind of our compass to point us that's kind of our compass to point us   that's kind of our compass to point us towards what are directionally the towards what are directionally the   towards what are directionally the biggest opportunities in the business. biggest opportunities in the business.   biggest opportunities in the business. And this is why the stakeholder And this is why the stakeholder   And this is why the stakeholder interviews we always ask interviews we always ask   interviews we always ask if you could point to what one function if you could point to what one function   if you could point to what one function in the business whether it's sales in the business whether it's sales   in the business whether it's sales marketing product engineering ops etc marketing product engineering ops etc   marketing product engineering ops etc that you feel is most holding the that you feel is most holding the   that you feel is most holding the company back right now what would that company back right now what would that   company back right now what would that function be the idea is if I can have a function be the idea is if I can have a   function be the idea is if I can have a sense of what function is most sense of what function is most   sense of what function is most inefficient and then I can talk to inefficient and then I can talk to   inefficient and then I can talk to people in that function and understand people in that function and understand   people in that function and understand the most inefficient part of their work the most inefficient part of their work   the most inefficient part of their work I can pair these things together to I can pair these things together to   I can pair these things together to understand where do we start in the pl understand where do we start in the pl   understand where do we start in the pl the area of the business that is most the area of the business that is most   the area of the business that is most holding the business back. holding the business back.   holding the business back. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm.   &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Um, so I guess uh I I want to move &gt;&gt; Um, so I guess uh I I want to move   &gt;&gt; Um, so I guess uh I I want to move forward. So like we've talked about the forward. So like we've talked about the   forward. So like we've talked about the survey for again these stakeholder survey for again these stakeholder   survey for again these stakeholder interviews. We run them for 30 minutes. interviews. We run them for 30 minutes.   interviews. We run them for 30 minutes. We're for the executive side of the We're for the executive side of the   We're for the executive side of the house. We're trying to understand from house. We're trying to understand from   house. We're trying to understand from people. What are the biggest goals of people. What are the biggest goals of   people. What are the biggest goals of the company moving forward? What are the the company moving forward? What are the   the company moving forward? What are the biggest roadblocks holding the company biggest roadblocks holding the company   biggest roadblocks holding the company back? What are the biggest cost centers back? What are the biggest cost centers   back? What are the biggest cost centers in the business? What are the biggest in the business? What are the biggest   in the business? What are the biggest revenue drivers in the business? What's revenue drivers in the business? What's   revenue drivers in the business? What's the breakdown of your employee base by the breakdown of your employee base by   the breakdown of your employee base by function? On the other side with rink function? On the other side with rink   function? On the other side with rink and file employees, we're just trying to and file employees, we're just trying to   and file employees, we're just trying to understand their actual processes understand their actual processes   understand their actual processes deeply. Okay, so we've done the survey. deeply. Okay, so we've done the survey.   deeply. Okay, so we've done the survey. Ideally, we have a at least a few dozen Ideally, we have a at least a few dozen   Ideally, we have a at least a few dozen responses. We've done the calls. We've responses. We've done the calls. We've   responses. We've done the calls. We've done at least six calls. We've done as done at least six calls. We've done as   done at least six calls. We've done as many as 20 calls for clients. We have many as 20 calls for clients. We have   many as 20 calls for clients. We have all this information. What do we do now? all this information. What do we do now?   all this information. What do we do now? What is our process for turning this What is our process for turning this   What is our process for turning this into an actual AI report? into an actual AI report?   into an actual AI report? &gt;&gt; Yeah. One thing I want to call out &gt;&gt; Yeah. One thing I want to call out   &gt;&gt; Yeah. One thing I want to call out before that is taking notes. This like before that is taking notes. This like   before that is taking notes. This like seems obvious, but like if you miss one seems obvious, but like if you miss one   seems obvious, but like if you miss one meeting of taking notes or using an AI meeting of taking notes or using an AI   meeting of taking notes or using an AI noteaker or something, you lose so much noteaker or something, you lose so much   noteaker or something, you lose so much information. Um, do you do these information. Um, do you do these   information. Um, do you do these interviews in person or online? Joseph, interviews in person or online? Joseph,   interviews in person or online? Joseph, this is a good question. Like like it's this is a good question. Like like it's   this is a good question. Like like it's actually better online because you can actually better online because you can   actually better online because you can use an AI noteaker to basically grab all use an AI noteaker to basically grab all   use an AI noteaker to basically grab all the all the information. Um, so how the all the information. Um, so how   the all the information. Um, so how about should we share screen and walk about should we share screen and walk   about should we share screen and walk people through cloud code synthesis or people through cloud code synthesis or   people through cloud code synthesis or do you want to go through steps before do you want to go through steps before   do you want to go through steps before that? No, no. I think you just go that? No, no. I think you just go   that? No, no. I think you just go through it. I think people are going to through it. I think people are going to   through it. I think people are going to love this. So, basically what Arman's love this. So, basically what Arman's   love this. So, basically what Arman's going to take you all through is how we going to take you all through is how we   going to take you all through is how we take all this information that we've take all this information that we've   take all this information that we've just gathered from folks in the business just gathered from folks in the business   just gathered from folks in the business and then with really smart prompting and and then with really smart prompting and   and then with really smart prompting and the power of cloud code turning it into the power of cloud code turning it into   the power of cloud code turning it into a report that starts to point you in the a report that starts to point you in the   a report that starts to point you in the right direction of what transformation right direction of what transformation   right direction of what transformation opportunities look like for the opportunities look like for the   opportunities look like for the business. So, yeah, go ahead. business. So, yeah, go ahead.   business. So, yeah, go ahead. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Okay. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Okay.   &gt;&gt; Awesome. Okay. So,       I'm going to do a quick review.       Um,       &gt;&gt; cool. Okay. So, we put together this &gt;&gt; cool. Okay. So, we put together this   &gt;&gt; cool. Okay. So, we put together this like data source. Um, so I'm going to go like data source. Um, so I'm going to go   like data source. Um, so I'm going to go through each of these docs. Alex, do you through each of these docs. Alex, do you   through each of these docs. Alex, do you mind voicing over the doc and kind of mind voicing over the doc and kind of   mind voicing over the doc and kind of what each one of them is? Yeah, 100%. what each one of them is? Yeah, 100%.   what each one of them is? Yeah, 100%. This is the This is the uh Oh, here I This is the This is the uh Oh, here I   This is the This is the uh Oh, here I can actually open it in a file locally can actually open it in a file locally   can actually open it in a file locally cuz it's fun. cuz it's fun.   cuz it's fun. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so basically, just so you guys &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so basically, just so you guys   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so basically, just so you guys all know, like we created dummy data all know, like we created dummy data   all know, like we created dummy data here, so we weren't sharing any of our here, so we weren't sharing any of our   here, so we weren't sharing any of our clients actual data. So, the the process clients actual data. So, the the process   clients actual data. So, the the process was ran a deep research report that was ran a deep research report that   was ran a deep research report that created a fake company in um uh health created a fake company in um uh health   created a fake company in um uh health tech and it broke down what the company tech and it broke down what the company   tech and it broke down what the company does, the industry, uh the revenue. So does, the industry, uh the revenue. So   does, the industry, uh the revenue. So this is a $100 million a year CRC this is a $100 million a year CRC   this is a $100 million a year CRC business has 250 employees. It broke business has 250 employees. It broke   business has 250 employees. It broke down how many team members per function down how many team members per function   down how many team members per function of the business and then it created uh of the business and then it created uh   of the business and then it created uh titles and names of people in the titles and names of people in the   titles and names of people in the business that we should interview and business that we should interview and   business that we should interview and survey. And so then we use that deep survey. And so then we use that deep   survey. And so then we use that deep research report to then say create research report to then say create   research report to then say create meeting transcripts with these six meeting transcripts with these six   meeting transcripts with these six people and for the other 25 people you people and for the other 25 people you   people and for the other 25 people you provided have them fill out this survey provided have them fill out this survey   provided have them fill out this survey with the exact questions that we just with the exact questions that we just   with the exact questions that we just showed you all. So what you're looking showed you all. So what you're looking   showed you all. So what you're looking at now, this is the original deep at now, this is the original deep   at now, this is the original deep research report that goes down and research report that goes down and   research report that goes down and explains what this business is, the explains what this business is, the   explains what this business is, the industry it's in, what the team makeup industry it's in, what the team makeup   industry it's in, what the team makeup is, etc. And the other things that is, etc. And the other things that   is, etc. And the other things that you'll see Arman go through will be the you'll see Arman go through will be the   you'll see Arman go through will be the survey responses from employees. Uh, and survey responses from employees. Uh, and   survey responses from employees. Uh, and it'll also be a a report we ran of what it'll also be a a report we ran of what   it'll also be a a report we ran of what are common AI use cases that other are common AI use cases that other   are common AI use cases that other players in this industry are using that players in this industry are using that   players in this industry are using that potentially this client should be potentially this client should be   potentially this client should be thinking about as well. thinking about as well.   thinking about as well. &gt;&gt; Cool. Um, so all of that information is &gt;&gt; Cool. Um, so all of that information is   &gt;&gt; Cool. Um, so all of that information is in here. So I'm going to use a tool in here. So I'm going to use a tool   in here. So I'm going to use a tool called Claude Code. Um, just to uh so so called Claude Code. Um, just to uh so so   called Claude Code. Um, just to uh so so just to just to kind of take a step back just to just to kind of take a step back   just to just to kind of take a step back and we've done uh events about what and we've done uh events about what   and we've done uh events about what cloud code is, but just to just to cloud code is, but just to just to   cloud code is, but just to just to explain it um cloud code is like chat explain it um cloud code is like chat   explain it um cloud code is like chat you can imagine like a chat GBT agent uh you can imagine like a chat GBT agent uh   you can imagine like a chat GBT agent uh for software engineers. But I kind of for software engineers. But I kind of   for software engineers. But I kind of consider myself to I like like I kind of consider myself to I like like I kind of   consider myself to I like like I kind of want to be like Robin Hood, not the want to be like Robin Hood, not the   want to be like Robin Hood, not the trading app, but like the original like trading app, but like the original like   trading app, but like the original like takes money from the rich and gives it takes money from the rich and gives it   takes money from the rich and gives it to the poor where software engineers to the poor where software engineers   to the poor where software engineers have the best tools on the market right have the best tools on the market right   have the best tools on the market right now. And I want to take those tools and now. And I want to take those tools and   now. And I want to take those tools and give them to everyone else. And so Clog give them to everyone else. And so Clog   give them to everyone else. And so Clog Code is, yes, built for software Code is, yes, built for software   Code is, yes, built for software engineers, but it is so immensely engineers, but it is so immensely   engineers, but it is so immensely powerful that I'm on a mission to put it powerful that I'm on a mission to put it   powerful that I'm on a mission to put it in every one of your hands. um even if in every one of your hands. um even if   in every one of your hands. um even if you're not a software engineer. So I'm you're not a software engineer. So I'm   you're not a software engineer. So I'm seeing somebody uh works in IB and uses seeing somebody uh works in IB and uses   seeing somebody uh works in IB and uses cloud code all the time. This is my cloud code all the time. This is my   cloud code all the time. This is my mission uh is to make sure that mission uh is to make sure that   mission uh is to make sure that everyone's doing that. So the way that everyone's doing that. So the way that   everyone's doing that. So the way that cloud code works, what you're looking at cloud code works, what you're looking at   cloud code works, what you're looking at right now is a software called Visual right now is a software called Visual   right now is a software called Visual Studio Code. So this is basically how we Studio Code. So this is basically how we   Studio Code. So this is basically how we edit uh this is how you like edit code. edit uh this is how you like edit code.   edit uh this is how you like edit code. So you can open up new files uh and you So you can open up new files uh and you   So you can open up new files uh and you could say uh hi.txt. could say uh hi.txt.   could say uh hi.txt. You can come in here and you can just You can come in here and you can just   You can come in here and you can just type, right? That's all this software type, right? That's all this software   type, right? That's all this software is. Then down here is. Then down here   is. Then down here we have the terminal which is a like we have the terminal which is a like   we have the terminal which is a like this is how you can communicate directly this is how you can communicate directly   this is how you can communicate directly with your computer. And in order to spin with your computer. And in order to spin   with your computer. And in order to spin up claude code you just type in claude up claude code you just type in claude   up claude code you just type in claude and it creates it. So claude code can and it creates it. So claude code can   and it creates it. So claude code can basically read all these files. Um basically read all these files. Um   basically read all these files. Um and you can like chat with it. You can and you can like chat with it. You can   and you can like chat with it. You can tell it to do stuff. So you can say uh tell it to do stuff. So you can say uh   tell it to do stuff. So you can say uh please please   please read insight care uh responses and give read insight care uh responses and give   read insight care uh responses and give me a summary of people of uh just give me a summary of people of uh just give   me a summary of people of uh just give me a summary. So you can tell it to do me a summary. So you can tell it to do   me a summary. So you can tell it to do this and um it kind of thinks you can this and um it kind of thinks you can   this and um it kind of thinks you can escape if you want to kill it but it it escape if you want to kill it but it it   escape if you want to kill it but it it tells you hey I'm going to read and tells you hey I'm going to read and   tells you hey I'm going to read and summarize the data. It reads it. It's a summarize the data. It reads it. It's a   summarize the data. It reads it. It's a gigantic file and so it's not able to do gigantic file and so it's not able to do   gigantic file and so it's not able to do it, but it's going to kind of chop it up it, but it's going to kind of chop it up   it, but it's going to kind of chop it up now uh over time. So, um we might see it now uh over time. So, um we might see it   now uh over time. So, um we might see it see now it's kind of pulling each one of see now it's kind of pulling each one of   see now it's kind of pulling each one of these things. Um       I'll let it go for two more seconds and I'll let it go for two more seconds and   I'll let it go for two more seconds and if it doesn't do anything interesting, if it doesn't do anything interesting,   if it doesn't do anything interesting, I'm going to I'm going to   I'm going to rip it. Uh cool. Okay, good. So, it asks rip it. Uh cool. Okay, good. So, it asks   rip it. Uh cool. Okay, good. So, it asks me, do you want to proceed? I say yes.       It's reading the files.       I might just skip this. Alex, what do I might just skip this. Alex, what do   I might just skip this. Alex, what do you think? The summary. you think? The summary.   you think? The summary. &gt;&gt; I Yeah, I think you can skip it and &gt;&gt; I Yeah, I think you can skip it and   &gt;&gt; I Yeah, I think you can skip it and maybe go into like what what is the maybe go into like what what is the   maybe go into like what what is the process for actually turning it into the process for actually turning it into the   process for actually turning it into the report? report?   report? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So internally what we do is we'll &gt;&gt; Yeah. So internally what we do is we'll   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So internally what we do is we'll obviously pour over all these things. obviously pour over all these things.   obviously pour over all these things. We'll read all them. We'll look at the We'll read all them. We'll look at the   We'll read all them. We'll look at the notes um everything like that. In this notes um everything like that. In this   notes um everything like that. In this case though I'm going to show you how I case though I'm going to show you how I   case though I'm going to show you how I like how I would do it with just claw like how I would do it with just claw   like how I would do it with just claw code. Um so I'm going to code. Um so I'm going to   code. Um so I'm going to so this is important to to do this. So I so this is important to to do this. So I   so this is important to to do this. So I I need to let it go a little bit longer. I need to let it go a little bit longer.   I need to let it go a little bit longer. Um but I'm going to spin up another Um but I'm going to spin up another   Um but I'm going to spin up another terminal as this is going and I'm going terminal as this is going and I'm going   terminal as this is going and I'm going to get it going on the next thing. So, to get it going on the next thing. So,   to get it going on the next thing. So, as this one is running, as this one is running,   as this one is running, I'm just going to Yes. Um, I'm going to I'm just going to Yes. Um, I'm going to   I'm just going to Yes. Um, I'm going to tell it to please tell it to please   tell it to please uh read uh read   uh read through through   through or you are an expert consultant. I'm or you are an expert consultant. I'm   or you are an expert consultant. I'm basically going to have it be my basically going to have it be my   basically going to have it be my consultant. You're an expert consultant consultant. You're an expert consultant   consultant. You're an expert consultant and I'd like you to generate a list, a and I'd like you to generate a list, a   and I'd like you to generate a list, a simple list of recommendations simple list of recommendations   simple list of recommendations for this company. to do so. Please go for this company. to do so. Please go   for this company. to do so. Please go through through   through the documents in this file the documents in this file   the documents in this file and uh make a and uh make a   and uh make a list of 10 recommendations list of 10 recommendations   list of 10 recommendations on how they can apply on how they can apply   on how they can apply AI in their business. And then I would AI in their business. And then I would   AI in their business. And then I would kick that off. I'm going to keep this kick that off. I'm going to keep this   kick that off. I'm going to keep this one going. Um, one going. Um,   one going. Um, yeah, Matt Thompson's recommending yeah, Matt Thompson's recommending   yeah, Matt Thompson's recommending dangerously skip permissions. And Alex, dangerously skip permissions. And Alex,   dangerously skip permissions. And Alex, feel free to jump in here if you want to feel free to jump in here if you want to   feel free to jump in here if you want to add anything. add anything.   add anything. No, you're rocking it. It's great.       Cool. Cool.   Cool. Okay, so it's reading all these Okay, so it's reading all these   Okay, so it's reading all these different files. different files.   different files. Cool. Okay, so this one's done. Cool. Okay, so this one's done.   Cool. Okay, so this one's done. So it says all 25. So literally, I have So it says all 25. So literally, I have   So it says all 25. So literally, I have one agent here doing work and I have one agent here doing work and I have   one agent here doing work and I have another agent here. So this one says all another agent here. So this one says all   another agent here. So this one says all 25 respondents suggested governed 25 respondents suggested governed   25 respondents suggested governed answers bank in product assistant for answers bank in product assistant for   answers bank in product assistant for customers semantic layer for consistent customers semantic layer for consistent   customers semantic layer for consistent metric uh definitions and faster metric uh definitions and faster   metric uh definitions and faster reporting and then the responses show reporting and then the responses show   reporting and then the responses show remarkably consistent formatting and remarkably consistent formatting and   remarkably consistent formatting and phrasing with each person identifying phrasing with each person identifying   phrasing with each person identifying themsel well that's because it was themsel well that's because it was   themsel well that's because it was written by AI [laughter] written by AI [laughter]   written by AI [laughter] but it's good that we're able to see uh but it's good that we're able to see uh   but it's good that we're able to see uh the different suggestions. Um, okay. So, the different suggestions. Um, okay. So,   the different suggestions. Um, okay. So, the reason why I wanted this agent to the reason why I wanted this agent to   the reason why I wanted this agent to basically go through all the survey basically go through all the survey   basically go through all the survey responses is because I wanted it to like responses is because I wanted it to like   responses is because I wanted it to like in giving me a summary, this agent in giving me a summary, this agent   in giving me a summary, this agent loaded all of the all of the uh survey loaded all of the all of the uh survey   loaded all of the all of the uh survey responses into its context. So now like responses into its context. So now like   responses into its context. So now like in short-term memory, if you will, this in short-term memory, if you will, this   in short-term memory, if you will, this agent right now has all of that agent right now has all of that   agent right now has all of that information loaded up. And so I'm going information loaded up. And so I'm going   information loaded up. And so I'm going to ask it based on all of these survey to ask it based on all of these survey   to ask it based on all of these survey responses,       I'd like you to recommend I'd like you to recommend   I'd like you to recommend up to 10 ideas of how we can implement up to 10 ideas of how we can implement   up to 10 ideas of how we can implement AI in AI in   AI in this business. this business.   this business. Focus on solving the problems at hand. Focus on solving the problems at hand.   Focus on solving the problems at hand. Uh, put the ideas in a new file called Uh, put the ideas in a new file called   Uh, put the ideas in a new file called survey survey   survey rex.md. rex.md.   rex.md. Each wreck should have a title, a Each wreck should have a title, a   Each wreck should have a title, a description, description,   description, a uh investment, a uh investment,   a uh investment, a reward or an ROI.       and any uh and that's it. I'll just keep and any uh and that's it. I'll just keep   and any uh and that's it. I'll just keep it there.       Cool. Okay. So, what I'm going to do is Cool. Okay. So, what I'm going to do is   Cool. Okay. So, what I'm going to do is again based on these survey results, the again based on these survey results, the   again based on these survey results, the AI is basically going to give me AI is basically going to give me   AI is basically going to give me recommendations. And so, what I would recommendations. And so, what I would   recommendations. And so, what I would invite everybody to do is like you can invite everybody to do is like you can   invite everybody to do is like you can make this template like this prompt way make this template like this prompt way   make this template like this prompt way way way better. So, for example, you way way better. So, for example, you   way way better. So, for example, you could have it already have could have it already have   could have it already have recommendations from a different uh from recommendations from a different uh from   recommendations from a different uh from a from another report that you've a from another report that you've   a from another report that you've already read, and you can give it already read, and you can give it   already read, and you can give it examples of how to structure this. You examples of how to structure this. You   examples of how to structure this. You can uh have it do deep research on what can uh have it do deep research on what   can uh have it do deep research on what other competitors are doing. You can other competitors are doing. You can   other competitors are doing. You can have it do parallel research. You can have it do parallel research. You can   have it do parallel research. You can really mix this up. And I would invite really mix this up. And I would invite   really mix this up. And I would invite everybody to I never oneshot stuff. I everybody to I never oneshot stuff. I   everybody to I never oneshot stuff. I never run it once and accept the never run it once and accept the   never run it once and accept the response. I'll run this four, five, six, response. I'll run this four, five, six,   response. I'll run this four, five, six, seven times from scratch, trying seven times from scratch, trying   seven times from scratch, trying different methods, trying different different methods, trying different   different methods, trying different prompts. Let me try and get an internet prompts. Let me try and get an internet   prompts. Let me try and get an internet researcher to do work here. And then, researcher to do work here. And then,   researcher to do work here. And then, um, let me try and and share a template um, let me try and and share a template   um, let me try and and share a template there. Uh, until you can get the best there. Uh, until you can get the best   there. Uh, until you can get the best results. Um, and then over here, let's results. Um, and then over here, let's   results. Um, and then over here, let's see what happens. So, okay. So, this did see what happens. So, okay. So, this did   see what happens. So, okay. So, this did a good summary. Uh, but I don't want to a good summary. Uh, but I don't want to   a good summary. Uh, but I don't want to read all that. So, I'm going to say, read all that. So, I'm going to say,   read all that. So, I'm going to say, please put this into a file into a new please put this into a file into a new   please put this into a file into a new markdown file. Cool. markdown file. Cool.   markdown file. Cool. Alex, what are some of the questions in Alex, what are some of the questions in   Alex, what are some of the questions in the chat if any?       Yep. So, we have what is your unfair Yep. So, we have what is your unfair   Yep. So, we have what is your unfair advantage here if you're using advantage here if you're using   advantage here if you're using off-the-shelf things like chat GPT off-the-shelf things like chat GPT   off-the-shelf things like chat GPT research and claude prompting and data research and claude prompting and data   research and claude prompting and data source? Like what what does advantage source? Like what what does advantage   source? Like what what does advantage look like now if basically you can just look like now if basically you can just   look like now if basically you can just prompt anything to create an AI report? prompt anything to create an AI report?   prompt anything to create an AI report? What's your view on that? Yeah. I mean, What's your view on that? Yeah. I mean,   What's your view on that? Yeah. I mean, I think like what we're trying to do I think like what we're trying to do   I think like what we're trying to do here is basically help everybody here is basically help everybody   here is basically help everybody get started with AI. What I think is get started with AI. What I think is   get started with AI. What I think is tough is that like AI is a really really tough is that like AI is a really really   tough is that like AI is a really really fast changing technology um and like fast changing technology um and like   fast changing technology um and like industry and no keeping up to date with industry and no keeping up to date with   industry and no keeping up to date with what's happening and having opinions on what's happening and having opinions on   what's happening and having opinions on where things are going is really tough. where things are going is really tough.   where things are going is really tough. So for example, our unfair advantage is So for example, our unfair advantage is   So for example, our unfair advantage is our talent. Like our unfair advantage is our talent. Like our unfair advantage is   our talent. Like our unfair advantage is that our team is all former founders and that our team is all former founders and   that our team is all former founders and software engineers and folks who software engineers and folks who   software engineers and folks who understand the intersection of not only understand the intersection of not only   understand the intersection of not only technology and AI but also um business technology and AI but also um business   technology and AI but also um business and they understand how AI will will and they understand how AI will will   and they understand how AI will will impact business and they understand the impact business and they understand the   impact business and they understand the goals of the business and they goals of the business and they   goals of the business and they understand what AI might look like in a understand what AI might look like in a   understand what AI might look like in a year and what it might definitely not year and what it might definitely not   year and what it might definitely not look like in a year. So the look like in a year. So the   look like in a year. So the recommendations that you make uh by like recommendations that you make uh by like   recommendations that you make uh by like the recommendations that people like the recommendations that people like   the recommendations that people like that are able to make based on their that are able to make based on their   that are able to make based on their experience and knowledge and expertise experience and knowledge and expertise   experience and knowledge and expertise is is going to be is is going to be   is is going to be a bit more acute. Uh so I think that's a bit more acute. Uh so I think that's   a bit more acute. Uh so I think that's certainly an advantage. But the point is certainly an advantage. But the point is   certainly an advantage. But the point is that we think that folks can still get that we think that folks can still get   that we think that folks can still get use uh out of a workflow like what we're use uh out of a workflow like what we're   use uh out of a workflow like what we're showing here with cloud code. Especially showing here with cloud code. Especially   showing here with cloud code. Especially we talk to folks all the time who don't we talk to folks all the time who don't   we talk to folks all the time who don't know where to start. And I think this is know where to start. And I think this is   know where to start. And I think this is a really good place to start. Um, yeah, a really good place to start. Um, yeah,   a really good place to start. Um, yeah, I'll pause there. What else, Alex?       Okay, I'm going to keep going here, but Okay, I'm going to keep going here, but   Okay, I'm going to keep going here, but if you have any questions, uh, feel free if you have any questions, uh, feel free   if you have any questions, uh, feel free to interrupt me. So, okay, let's see. to interrupt me. So, okay, let's see.   to interrupt me. So, okay, let's see. So, based on the, uh, responses from 25 So, based on the, uh, responses from 25   So, based on the, uh, responses from 25 team members across all departments, team members across all departments,   team members across all departments, intelligent hospital, uh, integration intelligent hospital, uh, integration   intelligent hospital, uh, integration mapper. So this made this uh mapper. So this made this uh   mapper. So this made this uh recommendation. We have a description recommendation. We have a description   recommendation. We have a description here of the idea. We have an investment. here of the idea. We have an investment.   here of the idea. We have an investment. So this is saying it's going to be So this is saying it's going to be   So this is saying it's going to be pretty expensive. Uh we have ROI. That's pretty expensive. Uh we have ROI. That's   pretty expensive. Uh we have ROI. That's really good. Um really good. Um   really good. Um we have another idea. Okay. So this is we have another idea. Okay. So this is   we have another idea. Okay. So this is good. These are these are some number of good. These are these are some number of   good. These are these are some number of ideas. So let's do this. I want to um I ideas. So let's do this. I want to um I   ideas. So let's do this. I want to um I really like using notion to put these really like using notion to put these   really like using notion to put these these reports together. So, I'm actually these reports together. So, I'm actually   these reports together. So, I'm actually going to use the notion MCP to load this going to use the notion MCP to load this   going to use the notion MCP to load this information into a notion database. So, information into a notion database. So,   information into a notion database. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to say what I'm going to do is I'm going to say   what I'm going to do is I'm going to say uh I want to create a notion database. uh I want to create a notion database.   uh I want to create a notion database. Uh and I'm actually going to turn on Uh and I'm actually going to turn on   Uh and I'm actually going to turn on plan mode because I don't want this to plan mode because I don't want this to   plan mode because I don't want this to um actually do anything yet. So, to do um actually do anything yet. So, to do   um actually do anything yet. So, to do plan mode, you just click shift tab and plan mode, you just click shift tab and   plan mode, you just click shift tab and then it won't do anything. It just then it won't do anything. It just   then it won't do anything. It just thinks and it talks to you before it'll thinks and it talks to you before it'll   thinks and it talks to you before it'll actually execute. So, I want to create a actually execute. So, I want to create a   actually execute. So, I want to create a notion database. Please recommend what notion database. Please recommend what   notion database. Please recommend what columns we should have. columns we should have.   columns we should have. I absolutely want start date and end I absolutely want start date and end   I absolutely want start date and end date for any of the projects, but title, date for any of the projects, but title,   date for any of the projects, but title, lift, ROI, etc. will also be important. lift, ROI, etc. will also be important.   lift, ROI, etc. will also be important. Cool. So, it's going to think um Cool. So, it's going to think um   Cool. So, it's going to think um so Mark is asking a question. What does so Mark is asking a question. What does   so Mark is asking a question. What does notion give you that you wouldn't get notion give you that you wouldn't get   notion give you that you wouldn't get otherwise? Honestly, for us, I just like otherwise? Honestly, for us, I just like   otherwise? Honestly, for us, I just like notion because it it gives us different notion because it it gives us different   notion because it it gives us different views of you can use it as a checklist views of you can use it as a checklist   views of you can use it as a checklist or you can see a um you can see a or you can see a um you can see a   or you can see a um you can see a different view of like a Gant chart, you different view of like a Gant chart, you   different view of like a Gant chart, you can see a calendar chart. Uh so I really can see a calendar chart. Uh so I really   can see a calendar chart. Uh so I really like that part of it. Um, but honestly like that part of it. Um, but honestly   like that part of it. Um, but honestly the reason why I'm showing the notion the reason why I'm showing the notion   the reason why I'm showing the notion MCP is really just to illustrate the MCP is really just to illustrate the   MCP is really just to illustrate the fact that I'm using Claude code as a fact that I'm using Claude code as a   fact that I'm using Claude code as a teammate and then I'm going to move this teammate and then I'm going to move this   teammate and then I'm going to move this into a and then I'm going to move this into a and then I'm going to move this   into a and then I'm going to move this into a tool that we use with our team. into a tool that we use with our team.   into a tool that we use with our team. And so that's really why I'm using And so that's really why I'm using   And so that's really why I'm using notion. So let's see. This is going to notion. So let's see. This is going to   notion. So let's see. This is going to this is way too many uh way too many this is way too many uh way too many   this is way too many uh way too many columns. So I'm going to say cut this in columns. So I'm going to say cut this in   columns. So I'm going to say cut this in half at least. I don't want it to be half at least. I don't want it to be   half at least. I don't want it to be that complicated. that complicated.   that complicated. Okay. And plan mode is still on. So, Okay. And plan mode is still on. So,   Okay. And plan mode is still on. So, it's going to think. Uh, so it's going it's going to think. Uh, so it's going   it's going to think. Uh, so it's going to basically to basically   to basically it's not going to do anything yet. It's it's not going to do anything yet. It's   it's not going to do anything yet. It's still just going to think. Um, and let's still just going to think. Um, and let's   still just going to think. Um, and let's make sure my MCP is turned on. So, MCP make sure my MCP is turned on. So, MCP   make sure my MCP is turned on. So, MCP Oh, I guess it's thinking here. I'll Oh, I guess it's thinking here. I'll   Oh, I guess it's thinking here. I'll I'll uh I can do that after. I'll uh I can do that after.   I'll uh I can do that after. Um, if you know how to tell someone else Um, if you know how to tell someone else   Um, if you know how to tell someone else in specific detail what you need done, in specific detail what you need done,   in specific detail what you need done, then given feedback, you can increase then given feedback, you can increase   then given feedback, you can increase the cycle with Claude, that's what makes the cycle with Claude, that's what makes   the cycle with Claude, that's what makes the Claude Code experience an advantage. the Claude Code experience an advantage.   the Claude Code experience an advantage. I I absolutely agree. Uh, Gordon I I absolutely agree. Uh, Gordon   I I absolutely agree. Uh, Gordon Patrick, I am with you. Okay. Oh, here Patrick, I am with you. Okay. Oh, here   Patrick, I am with you. Okay. Oh, here we go. We got Cloud Code's new we go. We got Cloud Code's new   we go. We got Cloud Code's new multiplechoice feature, which I do not multiplechoice feature, which I do not   multiplechoice feature, which I do not like. Um, like. Um,   like. Um, just make the recommendation. just make the recommendation.   just make the recommendation. Uh, Uh,   Uh, please stop and just make the wreck. please stop and just make the wreck.   please stop and just make the wreck. Oh my god. Please stop and make the Oh my god. Please stop and make the   Oh my god. Please stop and make the wreck. wreck.   wreck. Submit answers.       Alex, did you know about that new Alex, did you know about that new   Alex, did you know about that new multiple choice feature? multiple choice feature?   multiple choice feature? &gt;&gt; I did not. Yeah, it's they're they're &gt;&gt; I did not. Yeah, it's they're they're   &gt;&gt; I did not. Yeah, it's they're they're getting a little cutesy cutesy with getting a little cutesy cutesy with   getting a little cutesy cutesy with their with their features. Okay, guys, their with their features. Okay, guys,   their with their features. Okay, guys, quick break. I know this is a lot. We quick break. I know this is a lot. We   quick break. I know this is a lot. We are taking you step by step for setting are taking you step by step for setting   are taking you step by step for setting your company's 12-month AI your company's 12-month AI   your company's 12-month AI transformation roadmap. You can transformation roadmap. You can   transformation roadmap. You can obviously take this episode and obviously take this episode and   obviously take this episode and implement it yourself in your business. implement it yourself in your business.   implement it yourself in your business. But if you want some extra support as But if you want some extra support as   But if you want some extra support as well as all of the lessons we have well as all of the lessons we have   well as all of the lessons we have learned from doing this for hundreds of learned from doing this for hundreds of   learned from doing this for hundreds of companies, check out the link in the companies, check out the link in the   companies, check out the link in the description below and we will run your description below and we will run your   description below and we will run your company's AI audit and set your 12-month company's AI audit and set your 12-month   company's AI audit and set your 12-month road map. road map.   road map. &gt;&gt; Um, also Arman, someone asked a &gt;&gt; Um, also Arman, someone asked a   &gt;&gt; Um, also Arman, someone asked a question. They were like or that uh question. They were like or that uh   question. They were like or that uh Julian, I don't know if you saw this, Julian, I don't know if you saw this,   Julian, I don't know if you saw this, mentioned that change management, does mentioned that change management, does   mentioned that change management, does that become the adv unfair advantage that become the adv unfair advantage   that become the adv unfair advantage moving forward? what what's your thought moving forward? what what's your thought   moving forward? what what's your thought on that and just like the whole change on that and just like the whole change   on that and just like the whole change management piece? management piece?   management piece? &gt;&gt; So, how do you camp for Okay. Yeah. So, &gt;&gt; So, how do you camp for Okay. Yeah. So,   &gt;&gt; So, how do you camp for Okay. Yeah. So, I think that goes into like like for I think that goes into like like for   I think that goes into like like for every one of these uh equip for every every one of these uh equip for every   every one of these uh equip for every one of these recommendations, we're one of these recommendations, we're   one of these recommendations, we're basically measuring ROI. And ROI has two basically measuring ROI. And ROI has two   basically measuring ROI. And ROI has two parts. It has the I and it has the R, parts. It has the I and it has the R,   parts. It has the I and it has the R, right? It has the investment, it has the right? It has the investment, it has the   right? It has the investment, it has the return. I think that the change return. I think that the change   return. I think that the change management is encapsulated with each one management is encapsulated with each one   management is encapsulated with each one of these recommendations and it's of these recommendations and it's   of these recommendations and it's encapsulated and and it's dependent on encapsulated and and it's dependent on   encapsulated and and it's dependent on the organization. So for example, the organization. So for example,   the organization. So for example, implementing chat GBT for some companies implementing chat GBT for some companies   implementing chat GBT for some companies is as simple as like opening up your is as simple as like opening up your   is as simple as like opening up your credit card and and subscribing uh 20 25 credit card and and subscribing uh 20 25   credit card and and subscribing uh 20 25 bucks a month. But for some companies bucks a month. But for some companies   bucks a month. But for some companies it's like a months it's like a many it's like a months it's like a many   it's like a months it's like a many monthsl long endeavor to get legal on monthsl long endeavor to get legal on   monthsl long endeavor to get legal on board and to get it on board and to get board and to get it on board and to get   board and to get it on board and to get XYZ running. Like for some companies the XYZ running. Like for some companies the   XYZ running. Like for some companies the change management required to get even change management required to get even   change management required to get even chatbt ready to go is incredibly chatbt ready to go is incredibly   chatbt ready to go is incredibly difficult. And so understanding those difficult. And so understanding those   difficult. And so understanding those things is absolutely an input to things is absolutely an input to   things is absolutely an input to understanding the investment required understanding the investment required   understanding the investment required for each of these things because for each of these things because   for each of these things because investment is not just dollars and investment is not just dollars and   investment is not just dollars and cents. Um cents. Um   cents. Um but the return is still going to be the but the return is still going to be the   but the return is still going to be the same. So, so, so that's an incredibly same. So, so, so that's an incredibly   same. So, so, so that's an incredibly important part of this. important part of this.   important part of this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and one thing I would just add &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and one thing I would just add   &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and one thing I would just add is from my vantage point like the thing is from my vantage point like the thing   is from my vantage point like the thing that's gonna especially at the that's gonna especially at the   that's gonna especially at the enterprise level the thing that's going enterprise level the thing that's going   enterprise level the thing that's going to make AI transformation so difficult to make AI transformation so difficult   to make AI transformation so difficult is like taking out even the change is like taking out even the change   is like taking out even the change management piece take out the technology management piece take out the technology   management piece take out the technology piece it's literally just like       it is just bureaucracy and how it is just bureaucracy and how   it is just bureaucracy and how bureaucracy is going to make it so bureaucracy is going to make it so   bureaucracy is going to make it so incredibly slow and painful to get incredibly slow and painful to get   incredibly slow and painful to get anything done in kind of crossing the anything done in kind of crossing the   anything done in kind of crossing the chasm of going from AI absent to AI chasm of going from AI absent to AI   chasm of going from AI absent to AI native. The other thing we always talk native. The other thing we always talk   native. The other thing we always talk about and I just want to make I think about and I just want to make I think   about and I just want to make I think it's a really good framing as we're talk it's a really good framing as we're talk   it's a really good framing as we're talk building this report and ultimately building this report and ultimately   building this report and ultimately we're going to talk through what the we're going to talk through what the   we're going to talk through what the road map looks like is we think about road map looks like is we think about   road map looks like is we think about phasing in AI to a business in kind of phasing in AI to a business in kind of   phasing in AI to a business in kind of four levels. Level one is single player four levels. Level one is single player   four levels. Level one is single player tools. Level two is single player tools. Level two is single player   tools. Level two is single player processes. Level uh three is uh is processes. Level uh three is uh is   processes. Level uh three is uh is multi-player multi-player   multi-player single function processes and I'll single function processes and I'll   single function processes and I'll explain each of these. And the fourth explain each of these. And the fourth   explain each of these. And the fourth one is multi- uh player multi-function one is multi- uh player multi-function   one is multi- uh player multi-function processes. So single player tools is get processes. So single player tools is get   processes. So single player tools is get everyone chat GBPT. Get them chatbt 5 everyone chat GBPT. Get them chatbt 5   everyone chat GBPT. Get them chatbt 5 pro the $200 a month plan as it's just pro the $200 a month plan as it's just   pro the $200 a month plan as it's just the most powerful models and like that the most powerful models and like that   the most powerful models and like that is probably the highest leveraged thing is probably the highest leveraged thing   is probably the highest leveraged thing you can do for your company. Second is you can do for your company. Second is   you can do for your company. Second is like another example of single single like another example of single single   like another example of single single player tools is like get people cla player tools is like get people cla   player tools is like get people cla or get engineers codecs or get just get or get engineers codecs or get just get   or get engineers codecs or get just get engineers the best tooling to give engineers the best tooling to give   engineers the best tooling to give themselves leverage. Then single player themselves leverage. Then single player   themselves leverage. Then single player processes are what are single processes processes are what are single processes   processes are what are single processes that a one person is doing in a company. that a one person is doing in a company.   that a one person is doing in a company. So you can think about like what your So you can think about like what your   So you can think about like what your accounts receivables person is doing as accounts receivables person is doing as   accounts receivables person is doing as it relates to billing and reminding it relates to billing and reminding   it relates to billing and reminding people who haven't paid you. They're people who haven't paid you. They're   people who haven't paid you. They're controlling the whole process. And how controlling the whole process. And how   controlling the whole process. And how do you think about rebuilding a process do you think about rebuilding a process   do you think about rebuilding a process just for that person? And the reason just for that person? And the reason   just for that person? And the reason that comes uh like next in the ladder is that comes uh like next in the ladder is   that comes uh like next in the ladder is because you only have to worry about because you only have to worry about   because you only have to worry about change management for one person. Then change management for one person. Then   change management for one person. Then the next step is like multiplayer single the next step is like multiplayer single   the next step is like multiplayer single function. So how do you think about I function. So how do you think about I   function. So how do you think about I don't know let's just say it's in your don't know let's just say it's in your   don't know let's just say it's in your sales or thinking about what your uh sales or thinking about what your uh   sales or thinking about what your uh entire sales pipeline process is from entire sales pipeline process is from   entire sales pipeline process is from outreach to uh lead management to all outreach to uh lead management to all   outreach to uh lead management to all the other sales ops things that is going the other sales ops things that is going   the other sales ops things that is going to involve multiple people from your to involve multiple people from your   to involve multiple people from your sellers your STRs your account managers sellers your STRs your account managers   sellers your STRs your account managers your senior AES etc but it is all your senior AES etc but it is all   your senior AES etc but it is all contained within the go to market or contained within the go to market or   contained within the go to market or sales order and so it's a little bit sales order and so it's a little bit   sales order and so it's a little bit easier than having to then start easier than having to then start   easier than having to then start thinking about the different cultures thinking about the different cultures   thinking about the different cultures and openness to AI across functions in and openness to AI across functions in   and openness to AI across functions in the business. And that is why the business. And that is why   the business. And that is why multiplayer multi-function is the multiplayer multi-function is the   multiplayer multi-function is the hardest thing for companies to do. Very hardest thing for companies to do. Very   hardest thing for companies to do. Very few companies I I I don't know if I've few companies I I I don't know if I've   few companies I I I don't know if I've seen any companies do this effectively seen any companies do this effectively   seen any companies do this effectively because you have to rebuild processes because you have to rebuild processes   because you have to rebuild processes from scratch. You have to really from scratch. You have to really   from scratch. You have to really rearchitect and think about where are rearchitect and think about where are   rearchitect and think about where are humans needed, where is AI needed, where humans needed, where is AI needed, where   humans needed, where is AI needed, where is deterministic software needed. Then is deterministic software needed. Then   is deterministic software needed. Then let's also do change management for not let's also do change management for not   let's also do change management for not just someone in a single function but just someone in a single function but   just someone in a single function but for multiple functions where the for multiple functions where the   for multiple functions where the openness using AI can look totally openness using AI can look totally   openness using AI can look totally different. different.   different. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Um I'm going to bring &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Um I'm going to bring   &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Um I'm going to bring us here. I want to show you. So this us here. I want to show you. So this   us here. I want to show you. So this says that it's done. I'm going to show says that it's done. I'm going to show   says that it's done. I'm going to show you you   you notion. notion.   notion. So I basically told it hey there's this So I basically told it hey there's this   So I basically told it hey there's this insight care doc that I had just made. insight care doc that I had just made.   insight care doc that I had just made. put a database in there and it did that. put a database in there and it did that.   put a database in there and it did that. So, it created this entire thing from So, it created this entire thing from   So, it created this entire thing from scratch. It put the name, the three-year scratch. It put the name, the three-year   scratch. It put the name, the three-year ROI, it put the description. ROI, it put the description.   ROI, it put the description. Let's uh space that out. Put the whole Let's uh space that out. Put the whole   Let's uh space that out. Put the whole description. It put the investment, the description. It put the investment, the   description. It put the investment, the investment cost, the owner, priority, investment cost, the owner, priority,   investment cost, the owner, priority, start date. So, I want to get it to start date. So, I want to get it to   start date. So, I want to get it to create a timeline here because like I create a timeline here because like I   create a timeline here because like I really really like really really like   really really like this. Where is it? I like this view. You this. Where is it? I like this view. You   this. Where is it? I like this view. You can't see it right now. So, I want to can't see it right now. So, I want to   can't see it right now. So, I want to have the start date should be that and have the start date should be that and   have the start date should be that and then end date. then end date.   then end date. So, I want this to look beautiful. So, So, I want this to look beautiful. So,   So, I want this to look beautiful. So, I'm going to go back in here I'm going to go back in here   I'm going to go back in here and I'm going to show Claude code and I'm going to show Claude code   and I'm going to show Claude code doing this for me. So, I'm going to tell doing this for me. So, I'm going to tell   doing this for me. So, I'm going to tell Claude Code Claude Code   Claude Code two things. So, I'm going to get this two things. So, I'm going to get this   two things. So, I'm going to get this agent doing one thing. I'm get I'm going agent doing one thing. I'm get I'm going   agent doing one thing. I'm get I'm going to get this agent doing another thing. to get this agent doing another thing.   to get this agent doing another thing. So, I'm going to I'm going to say that So, I'm going to I'm going to say that   So, I'm going to I'm going to say that looks great. Now, please recommend a looks great. Now, please recommend a   looks great. Now, please recommend a timeline. I want to kick this off in timeline. I want to kick this off in   timeline. I want to kick this off in 2026. 2026.   2026. So, please add start and end dates to So, please add start and end dates to   So, please add start and end dates to each row. In so doing, each row. In so doing,   each row. In so doing, please take into account the uh capacity please take into account the uh capacity   please take into account the uh capacity and budget constraints and budget constraints   and budget constraints and uh or not constraints but like and uh or not constraints but like   and uh or not constraints but like investments for each project investments for each project   investments for each project and space things out and space things out   and space things out appropriately. appropriately.   appropriately. Cool. So, I'm going to get that going. Cool. So, I'm going to get that going.   Cool. So, I'm going to get that going. And then over here I basically want like And then over here I basically want like   And then over here I basically want like all we saw was that database. I want the all we saw was that database. I want the   all we saw was that database. I want the rest of the document to be filled it. rest of the document to be filled it.   rest of the document to be filled it. And so I want um so please And so I want um so please   And so I want um so please or uh if you look or uh if you look   or uh if you look at notion at notion   at notion you'll see a page called uh what is it you'll see a page called uh what is it   you'll see a page called uh what is it called? Insight care. In that we have a called? Insight care. In that we have a   called? Insight care. In that we have a database database   database of recommendations.       Oh, okay. Killing that. Oh, okay. Killing that.   Oh, okay. Killing that. Now I want to or Now I want to or   Now I want to or please look at that page. please look at that page.   please look at that page. Now I'm going to say yes. Now I want to Now I'm going to say yes. Now I want to   Now I'm going to say yes. Now I want to fill out the rest of that page with the fill out the rest of that page with the   fill out the rest of that page with the remainder of the report. remainder of the report.   remainder of the report. Sections that I want include one Sections that I want include one   Sections that I want include one abstract, two I want company background, abstract, two I want company background,   abstract, two I want company background, three I want company goals,       four recommendations, four recommendations,   four recommendations, five, I know Alex, what else do we five, I know Alex, what else do we   five, I know Alex, what else do we typically put? Learning typically put? Learning   typically put? Learning &gt;&gt; quotes. Key quotes. &gt;&gt; quotes. Key quotes.   &gt;&gt; quotes. Key quotes. &gt;&gt; Uh, biggest challenges. &gt;&gt; Uh, biggest challenges.   &gt;&gt; Uh, biggest challenges. biggest challenges, biggest challenges,   biggest challenges, &gt;&gt; uh, AI readiness scorecard       and then yeah, use cases and, uh, and then yeah, use cases and, uh,   and then yeah, use cases and, uh, prioritize by some combination of prioritize by some combination of   prioritize by some combination of effort, ROI, effort, ROI,   effort, ROI, um, and usually like a a description of um, and usually like a a description of   um, and usually like a a description of a short description of what the solution a short description of what the solution   a short description of what the solution is.       Okay.       And then I'm going to add a conclusion And then I'm going to add a conclusion   And then I'm going to add a conclusion at the end. That's going to be section. at the end. That's going to be section.   at the end. That's going to be section. &gt;&gt; Cool. And once you start running that, &gt;&gt; Cool. And once you start running that,   &gt;&gt; Cool. And once you start running that, we have a number of questions. we have a number of questions.   we have a number of questions. &gt;&gt; Okay. Let me show Okay. Actually, let's &gt;&gt; Okay. Let me show Okay. Actually, let's   &gt;&gt; Okay. Let me show Okay. Actually, let's do the let's do the questions while do the let's do the questions while   do the let's do the questions while that's running. What's up? that's running. What's up?   that's running. What's up? &gt;&gt; Okay, perfect. So, I'll just I'll just &gt;&gt; Okay, perfect. So, I'll just I'll just   &gt;&gt; Okay, perfect. So, I'll just I'll just read a few to you. So, from um from read a few to you. So, from um from   read a few to you. So, from um from Garrett, Garrett said, "Do you use Garrett, Garrett said, "Do you use   Garrett, Garrett said, "Do you use prompt libraries or try to standardize prompt libraries or try to standardize   prompt libraries or try to standardize the steps you take in cloud code when the steps you take in cloud code when   the steps you take in cloud code when building these reports? Does that help building these reports? Does that help   building these reports? Does that help performance and how do you evaluate? performance and how do you evaluate?   performance and how do you evaluate? &gt;&gt; So do I use prompts and then what about &gt;&gt; So do I use prompts and then what about   &gt;&gt; So do I use prompts and then what about the evaluation? Sorry. the evaluation? Sorry.   the evaluation? Sorry. &gt;&gt; Um does that help performance? So it &gt;&gt; Um does that help performance? So it   &gt;&gt; Um does that help performance? So it sounds like standard by standard by sounds like standard by standard by   sounds like standard by standard by using prompts prompt templates and using prompts prompt templates and   using prompts prompt templates and standardizing the steps you take in standardizing the steps you take in   standardizing the steps you take in cloud code does that help performance cloud code does that help performance   cloud code does that help performance and how you how do you evaluate? and how you how do you evaluate?   and how you how do you evaluate? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so I I   I anytime I'm doing anything in cloud code anytime I'm doing anything in cloud code   anytime I'm doing anything in cloud code with AI any anything with that requires with AI any anything with that requires   with AI any anything with that requires a prompt I am trying things a prompt I am trying things   a prompt I am trying things many many many many times in a row. I'm many many many many times in a row. I'm   many many many many times in a row. I'm trying like I would if I was doing this trying like I would if I was doing this   trying like I would if I was doing this in-house I would run it once and then I in-house I would run it once and then I   in-house I would run it once and then I would say I would run and then I would would say I would run and then I would   would say I would run and then I would try okay like I see Kevin's asking about try okay like I see Kevin's asking about   try okay like I see Kevin's asking about uh sub agents I would try it with sub uh sub agents I would try it with sub   uh sub agents I would try it with sub aents I would try like hey try running aents I would try like hey try running   aents I would try like hey try running sub aents that are each doing web sub aents that are each doing web   sub aents that are each doing web research to see best practices about research to see best practices about   research to see best practices about these recommendations I would say think these recommendations I would say think   these recommendations I would say think longer I I would try many many different longer I I would try many many different   longer I I would try many many different things and each one of those tries is a things and each one of those tries is a   things and each one of those tries is a prompt and I'm storing each of these prompt and I'm storing each of these   prompt and I'm storing each of these prompts and really what like I'm doing prompts and really what like I'm doing   prompts and really what like I'm doing I'm running evals but for myself and in I'm running evals but for myself and in   I'm running evals but for myself and in so doing in doing this I don't think so doing in doing this I don't think   so doing in doing this I don't think about prompts I think about workflows about prompts I think about workflows   about prompts I think about workflows and I think about processes and so if and I think about processes and so if   and I think about processes and so if you like here on the left this this like you like here on the left this this like   you like here on the left this this like agent run there were like four or five agent run there were like four or five   agent run there were like four or five or six proc or prompts in that I would or six proc or prompts in that I would   or six proc or prompts in that I would store each of those same thing on the store each of those same thing on the   store each of those same thing on the right I would store each of the prompts right I would store each of the prompts   right I would store each of the prompts for the agent on the right and then I for the agent on the right and then I   for the agent on the right and then I would I would tweak them I would run it would I would tweak them I would run it   would I would tweak them I would run it again see the output I would tweak it again see the output I would tweak it   again see the output I would tweak it run it again see the output and and I run it again see the output and and I   run it again see the output and and I absolutely store these things and I'm absolutely store these things and I'm   absolutely store these things and I'm always improving on them and I have a always improving on them and I have a   always improving on them and I have a huge prompt database for myself huge prompt database for myself   huge prompt database for myself internally. And I I actually used to be internally. And I I actually used to be   internally. And I I actually used to be I used to be a hater of like prompt I used to be a hater of like prompt   I used to be a hater of like prompt libraries because I thought that all libraries because I thought that all   libraries because I thought that all prompts are are are the same and if prompts are are are the same and if   prompts are are are the same and if you're good at communication, you'll be you're good at communication, you'll be   you're good at communication, you'll be good at prompting. But um but the proof good at prompting. But um but the proof   good at prompting. But um but the proof is in the pudding. I think the prompting is in the pudding. I think the prompting   is in the pudding. I think the prompting absolutely is is uh is important and absolutely is is uh is important and   absolutely is is uh is important and storing these things is is super super storing these things is is super super   storing these things is is super super key. key.   key. Um, a few other questions. Uh, is this Um, a few other questions. Uh, is this   Um, a few other questions. Uh, is this is this only this whole process is it is this only this whole process is it   is this only this whole process is it only using context within the cloud code only using context within the cloud code   only using context within the cloud code project? project?   project? So, it's using context within the cloud So, it's using context within the cloud   So, it's using context within the cloud code project. Yes. But claude code like code project. Yes. But claude code like   code project. Yes. But claude code like all LLMs, it is trained on so much all LLMs, it is trained on so much   all LLMs, it is trained on so much information. So, it's pulling from those information. So, it's pulling from those   information. So, it's pulling from those for sure. You can also pull from the for sure. You can also pull from the   for sure. You can also pull from the internet. So, it can do internet search. internet. So, it can do internet search.   internet. So, it can do internet search. Um but it is right now the only context Um but it is right now the only context   Um but it is right now the only context that we that we've connected is the is that we that we've connected is the is   that we that we've connected is the is the basically these files here on the the basically these files here on the   the basically these files here on the left. left.   left. &gt;&gt; Yep. Uh two more quick questions. Uh is &gt;&gt; Yep. Uh two more quick questions. Uh is   &gt;&gt; Yep. Uh two more quick questions. Uh is there a benefit of doing this sort of there a benefit of doing this sort of   there a benefit of doing this sort of research in cloud code versus notion's research in cloud code versus notion's   research in cloud code versus notion's native AI tool?       &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. I think that the clog &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. I think that the clog   &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. I think that the clog code is the most powerful agent loop code is the most powerful agent loop   code is the most powerful agent loop that exists and it's honestly not even that exists and it's honestly not even   that exists and it's honestly not even close. The difference is like I saw a close. The difference is like I saw a   close. The difference is like I saw a question here about hallucination. question here about hallucination.   question here about hallucination. I I posted about this on Twitter and and I I posted about this on Twitter and and   I I posted about this on Twitter and and LinkedIn today. LinkedIn today.   LinkedIn today. Um there are a lot of people who've Um there are a lot of people who've   Um there are a lot of people who've reverse engineered clog code and they've reverse engineered clog code and they've   reverse engineered clog code and they've dug really really deep into how it dug really really deep into how it   dug really really deep into how it works. When you ask a question on Chaff works. When you ask a question on Chaff   works. When you ask a question on Chaff GBT or when you ask a question on GBT or when you ask a question on   GBT or when you ask a question on notions AI or most AI tools, you ask a notions AI or most AI tools, you ask a   notions AI or most AI tools, you ask a question, it responds. Claude is a sea question, it responds. Claude is a sea   question, it responds. Claude is a sea of agents. When you ask a question, it's of agents. When you ask a question, it's   of agents. When you ask a question, it's not one person answering. It's it is not one person answering. It's it is   not one person answering. It's it is it spawns up agents for you without even it spawns up agents for you without even   it spawns up agents for you without even asking. Like each one of these lines is asking. Like each one of these lines is   asking. Like each one of these lines is a is an agent that did something and a is an agent that did something and   a is an agent that did something and responded back. It's just so immensely responded back. It's just so immensely   responded back. It's just so immensely powerful um that I only use this powerful um that I only use this   powerful um that I only use this honestly. honestly.   honestly. &gt;&gt; Yep. And one other question from Kevin. &gt;&gt; Yep. And one other question from Kevin.   &gt;&gt; Yep. And one other question from Kevin. Uh Kevin said, "Arman, in previous Uh Kevin said, "Arman, in previous   Uh Kevin said, "Arman, in previous webinars, you would create a prompt that webinars, you would create a prompt that   webinars, you would create a prompt that would have sub agents running different would have sub agents running different   would have sub agents running different processes. Here you're using two processes. Here you're using two   processes. Here you're using two terminal windows to run prompts in terminal windows to run prompts in   terminal windows to run prompts in parallel, aka another form of sub aents. parallel, aka another form of sub aents.   parallel, aka another form of sub aents. Is there one that tends to be more Is there one that tends to be more   Is there one that tends to be more efficient?" efficient?"   efficient?" &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a really good question. Um &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a really good question. Um   &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a really good question. Um sub agents. sub agents.   sub agents. So if you think about a sub agent as an So if you think about a sub agent as an   So if you think about a sub agent as an employee, which I do think about that, employee, which I do think about that,   employee, which I do think about that, right? Um then what you're doing, so you right? Um then what you're doing, so you   right? Um then what you're doing, so you could ask Claude code a question and could ask Claude code a question and   could ask Claude code a question and tell it to spin up sub agents. What tell it to spin up sub agents. What   tell it to spin up sub agents. What happens is you ask it a question, it happens is you ask it a question, it   happens is you ask it a question, it says, "Okay, I'm going to do step one, says, "Okay, I'm going to do step one,   says, "Okay, I'm going to do step one, and then I'm going to pass step two off and then I'm going to pass step two off   and then I'm going to pass step two off to another agent," which is basically to another agent," which is basically   to another agent," which is basically like an employee, and then they're going like an employee, and then they're going   like an employee, and then they're going to come back to me. And then I'm going to come back to me. And then I'm going   to come back to me. And then I'm going to move on to step four, five, six, to move on to step four, five, six,   to move on to step four, five, six, whatever. whatever.   whatever. That agent that does that task That agent that does that task   That agent that does that task learns a lot by doing that task. its learns a lot by doing that task. its   learns a lot by doing that task. its context becomes very very rich in doing context becomes very very rich in doing   context becomes very very rich in doing that task and what it responds with that task and what it responds with   that task and what it responds with sometimes is just not enough. And so I sometimes is just not enough. And so I   sometimes is just not enough. And so I will often when I'm spinning up sub will often when I'm spinning up sub   will often when I'm spinning up sub agents in cloud code I'll tell the sub agents in cloud code I'll tell the sub   agents in cloud code I'll tell the sub agents to each create a very very agents to each create a very very   agents to each create a very very in-depth markdown file with its context in-depth markdown file with its context   in-depth markdown file with its context uh and everything that it learned in uh and everything that it learned in   uh and everything that it learned in this case for two reasons I did this. this case for two reasons I did this.   this case for two reasons I did this. one is that it just presents better for one is that it just presents better for   one is that it just presents better for this to have like two different uh kind this to have like two different uh kind   this to have like two different uh kind of use cases going in parallel but also of use cases going in parallel but also   of use cases going in parallel but also I wanted to load up the context for each I wanted to load up the context for each   I wanted to load up the context for each of these things and I didn't want it to of these things and I didn't want it to   of these things and I didn't want it to snip the context when it came back to snip the context when it came back to   snip the context when it came back to the parent agent if that makes sense. the parent agent if that makes sense.   the parent agent if that makes sense. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that makes total sense. One other &gt;&gt; Yeah, that makes total sense. One other   &gt;&gt; Yeah, that makes total sense. One other question before we finish things out question before we finish things out   question before we finish things out with the road map is you keep saying with the road map is you keep saying   with the road map is you keep saying agent loop and I don't think everyone agent loop and I don't think everyone   agent loop and I don't think everyone knows what that means when you say knows what that means when you say   knows what that means when you say claude code offers the most powerful claude code offers the most powerful   claude code offers the most powerful agent loop. Simply put, what is an agent agent loop. Simply put, what is an agent   agent loop. Simply put, what is an agent loop? loop?   loop? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, think about &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, think about   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, think about any of these chatbased AI tools as an AI any of these chatbased AI tools as an AI   any of these chatbased AI tools as an AI as as a friend that you send a text. If as as a friend that you send a text. If   as as a friend that you send a text. If I send a text to my friend, I send a text to my friend,   I send a text to my friend, what are they doing before they respond? what are they doing before they respond?   what are they doing before they respond? With chatbt, if I ask, if I send a text With chatbt, if I ask, if I send a text   With chatbt, if I ask, if I send a text to chatbt, if I go to chatbt.com and I to chatbt, if I go to chatbt.com and I   to chatbt, if I go to chatbt.com and I send a message, it just runs my send a message, it just runs my   send a message, it just runs my information through one large language information through one large language   information through one large language model and responds model and responds   model and responds clog code. It runs it through one model clog code. It runs it through one model   clog code. It runs it through one model and that model decides what it should do and that model decides what it should do   and that model decides what it should do next. Then that model creates a plan and next. Then that model creates a plan and   next. Then that model creates a plan and then that feeds the plan to the next then that feeds the plan to the next   then that feeds the plan to the next model and that model does each one of model and that model does each one of   model and that model does each one of the steps in the plan. Sometimes it the steps in the plan. Sometimes it   the steps in the plan. Sometimes it spins up separate agents to do to run spins up separate agents to do to run   spins up separate agents to do to run different models. And so the agent loop different models. And so the agent loop   different models. And so the agent loop is what every single thing that happens is what every single thing that happens   is what every single thing that happens from the time that I ask a question to from the time that I ask a question to   from the time that I ask a question to the time that it responds to my the time that it responds to my   the time that it responds to my question. All of those things, that's question. All of those things, that's   question. All of those things, that's the agent loop. Because if you think the agent loop. Because if you think   the agent loop. Because if you think about it, I ask a question, it does about it, I ask a question, it does   about it, I ask a question, it does those things, and then it responds. And those things, and then it responds. And   those things, and then it responds. And then I ask another question. It does then I ask another question. It does   then I ask another question. It does those things and then it responds. So those things and then it responds. So   those things and then it responds. So that is a loop. That's why it's called that is a loop. That's why it's called   that is a loop. That's why it's called the agent loop. the agent loop.   the agent loop. &gt;&gt; Love it. Okay, we have five minutes &gt;&gt; Love it. Okay, we have five minutes   &gt;&gt; Love it. Okay, we have five minutes left. Can you bring us home? left. Can you bring us home?   left. Can you bring us home? &gt;&gt; I'm going to bring us home. So this is &gt;&gt; I'm going to bring us home. So this is   &gt;&gt; I'm going to bring us home. So this is still running. still running.   still running. When we go to notion, When we go to notion,   When we go to notion, I'm going to come back to Insight Care. I'm going to come back to Insight Care.   I'm going to come back to Insight Care. So I'm going to make this. So we we So I'm going to make this. So we we   So I'm going to make this. So we we click in here and we see that it added click in here and we see that it added   click in here and we see that it added start dates and it added end dates. And start dates and it added end dates. And   start dates and it added end dates. And so we can go to the timeline and it's so we can go to the timeline and it's   so we can go to the timeline and it's November, but I told it that I want it November, but I told it that I want it   November, but I told it that I want it to start in January. So starting in to start in January. So starting in   to start in January. So starting in January, we have a Gant chart. So we see January, we have a Gant chart. So we see   January, we have a Gant chart. So we see the smart meeting assistant item tracker the smart meeting assistant item tracker   the smart meeting assistant item tracker is going to start at the same time as is going to start at the same time as   is going to start at the same time as the governed uh knowledge base. the governed uh knowledge base.   the governed uh knowledge base. Then after this one, we're going to Then after this one, we're going to   Then after this one, we're going to start the intelligent CRM start the intelligent CRM   start the intelligent CRM autoenrichment, and they're going to autoenrichment, and they're going to   autoenrichment, and they're going to work in parallel. work in parallel.   work in parallel. We're going to have a month or a week We're going to have a month or a week   We're going to have a month or a week off until we get the automated report off until we get the automated report   off until we get the automated report generation system. And then once this generation system. And then once this   generation system. And then once this project ends, we're going to do customer project ends, we're going to do customer   project ends, we're going to do customer success. success.   success. So, it's really sequencing these things So, it's really sequencing these things   So, it's really sequencing these things remarkably well. This is a this is an remarkably well. This is a this is an   remarkably well. This is a this is an incredible project plan. And what you incredible project plan. And what you   incredible project plan. And what you could do if you want to scrutinize is could do if you want to scrutinize is   could do if you want to scrutinize is you you can come in here, you can edit you you can come in here, you can edit   you you can come in here, you can edit these things, you can make sure that the these things, you can make sure that the   these things, you can make sure that the if you want to change like let's say if you want to change like let's say   if you want to change like let's say this is actually a really high lift or this is actually a really high lift or   this is actually a really high lift or hey, this is actually a medium lift. you hey, this is actually a medium lift. you   hey, this is actually a medium lift. you can change it here and then you can go can change it here and then you can go   can change it here and then you can go tell cloud code, hey, for recommendation tell cloud code, hey, for recommendation   tell cloud code, hey, for recommendation number two, I changed that to be a number two, I changed that to be a   number two, I changed that to be a lighter lift. Um, and I'd like you to lighter lift. Um, and I'd like you to   lighter lift. Um, and I'd like you to update the timeline or update the plan. update the timeline or update the plan.   update the timeline or update the plan. Um, and it'll go ahead and do that. Uh, Um, and it'll go ahead and do that. Uh,   Um, and it'll go ahead and do that. Uh, lastly, this other agent is still lastly, this other agent is still   lastly, this other agent is still filling in the rest of the doc. And so, filling in the rest of the doc. And so,   filling in the rest of the doc. And so, as soon as it's done, we'll see it, but as soon as it's done, we'll see it, but   as soon as it's done, we'll see it, but I think we can uh it might take a I think we can uh it might take a   I think we can uh it might take a moment. So, I think we can wrap up and moment. So, I think we can wrap up and   moment. So, I think we can wrap up and then I can send it to folks after. And then I can send it to folks after. And   then I can send it to folks after. And so I think if pe if people are wondering so I think if pe if people are wondering   so I think if pe if people are wondering like I think one question in my head is like I think one question in my head is   like I think one question in my head is like how can you trust how accurate the like how can you trust how accurate the   like how can you trust how accurate the use cases are that we're uh in terms of use cases are that we're uh in terms of   use cases are that we're uh in terms of the amount of lift that's necessary the amount of lift that's necessary   the amount of lift that's necessary right it assumes this timeline based on right it assumes this timeline based on   right it assumes this timeline based on all these assumptions of how long it all these assumptions of how long it   all these assumptions of how long it will actually take and it kind of will actually take and it kind of   will actually take and it kind of abstracts it to low medium high lift. abstracts it to low medium high lift.   abstracts it to low medium high lift. Let's just say you're worried it's not Let's just say you're worried it's not   Let's just say you're worried it's not super accurate and you want to make sure super accurate and you want to make sure   super accurate and you want to make sure the timeline is perfectly accurate. What the timeline is perfectly accurate. What   the timeline is perfectly accurate. What would be the next step to make sure this would be the next step to make sure this   would be the next step to make sure this is super precise? So that 12-month road is super precise? So that 12-month road   is super precise? So that 12-month road map, you feel a high degree of map, you feel a high degree of   map, you feel a high degree of confidence that the beginning and end confidence that the beginning and end   confidence that the beginning and end date for each of these use cases, you date for each of these use cases, you   date for each of these use cases, you have you know confidence within a margin have you know confidence within a margin   have you know confidence within a margin of error of 10% in timeline of of error of 10% in timeline of   of error of 10% in timeline of &gt;&gt; for the work or for which part &gt;&gt; for the work or for which part   &gt;&gt; for the work or for which part &gt;&gt; for to actually complete the use case &gt;&gt; for to actually complete the use case   &gt;&gt; for to actually complete the use case right like so for one say a use case in right like so for one say a use case in   right like so for one say a use case in the 12 uh month road map right now it's the 12 uh month road map right now it's   the 12 uh month road map right now it's just labeled in notion as low medium just labeled in notion as low medium   just labeled in notion as low medium high and it's based on a bunch of high and it's based on a bunch of   high and it's based on a bunch of assumptions let's say you want to just assumptions let's say you want to just   assumptions let's say you want to just ensure before you start this road map ensure before you start this road map   ensure before you start this road map that is a highly accurate timeline that that is a highly accurate timeline that   that is a highly accurate timeline that has been scoped out properly. What would has been scoped out properly. What would   has been scoped out properly. What would you do to make this even more accurate? you do to make this even more accurate?   you do to make this even more accurate? &gt;&gt; Yeah, honestly, I would just continue &gt;&gt; Yeah, honestly, I would just continue   &gt;&gt; Yeah, honestly, I would just continue down the rabbit hole. And it's funny, down the rabbit hole. And it's funny,   down the rabbit hole. And it's funny, that's one of our like core principles that's one of our like core principles   that's one of our like core principles at the company is like go down the at the company is like go down the   at the company is like go down the rabbit hole. I would just have I would rabbit hole. I would just have I would   rabbit hole. I would just have I would open up another cloud code instance and open up another cloud code instance and   open up another cloud code instance and I would say, "Hey, spin up a sub agent I would say, "Hey, spin up a sub agent   I would say, "Hey, spin up a sub agent for each of the recommendations in this for each of the recommendations in this   for each of the recommendations in this database and create a specific project database and create a specific project   database and create a specific project plan for each one." So basically, I plan for each one." So basically, I   plan for each one." So basically, I would have it go in here, these are the would have it go in here, these are the   would have it go in here, these are the projects, and I would have it open up projects, and I would have it open up   projects, and I would have it open up each one of these pages and put a each one of these pages and put a   each one of these pages and put a project plan inside the document for project plan inside the document for   project plan inside the document for each each and every one. Um, and then I each each and every one. Um, and then I   each each and every one. Um, and then I would go through and scrutinize each of would go through and scrutinize each of   would go through and scrutinize each of those. And then if that required more those. And then if that required more   those. And then if that required more scrutiny, I would I would try and uh get scrutiny, I would I would try and uh get   scrutiny, I would I would try and uh get more uh uncover more detail. And if it more uh uncover more detail. And if it   more uh uncover more detail. And if it required a question from anyone on the required a question from anyone on the   required a question from anyone on the team, I would go do that. Um, but clog team, I would go do that. Um, but clog   team, I would go do that. Um, but clog code is your partner in doing this if code is your partner in doing this if   code is your partner in doing this if you're doing this yourself. you're doing this yourself.   you're doing this yourself. Love it. So, just to close it out, you Love it. So, just to close it out, you   Love it. So, just to close it out, you can you just recap kind of where we can you just recap kind of where we   can you just recap kind of where we started and where we ended and why this started and where we ended and why this   started and where we ended and why this is so powerful for companies or leaders is so powerful for companies or leaders   is so powerful for companies or leaders to execute within their business. to execute within their business.   to execute within their business. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, step one, &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, step one,   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, step one, you need to have buyin. You need to know you need to have buyin. You need to know   you need to have buyin. You need to know that there's somewhere to go, right? Um, that there's somewhere to go, right? Um,   that there's somewhere to go, right? Um, step two, we have the survey that we step two, we have the survey that we   step two, we have the survey that we that we walk through. We can send it out that we walk through. We can send it out   that we walk through. We can send it out afterwards or put it on YouTube when we afterwards or put it on YouTube when we   afterwards or put it on YouTube when we post this. Um, step three is post this. Um, step three is   post this. Um, step three is interviewing people. And in interviewing interviewing people. And in interviewing   interviewing people. And in interviewing people, start by getting them to open up people, start by getting them to open up   people, start by getting them to open up and feel comfortable with the fact that and feel comfortable with the fact that   and feel comfortable with the fact that you're going to ask them a bunch of you're going to ask them a bunch of   you're going to ask them a bunch of questions. And then dive in incredibly questions. And then dive in incredibly   questions. And then dive in incredibly deeply into the um into their deeply into the um into their   deeply into the um into their day-to-day. Ask them from the moment you day-to-day. Ask them from the moment you   day-to-day. Ask them from the moment you wake up to the moment you go to bed, wake up to the moment you go to bed,   wake up to the moment you go to bed, what do you do? Have them share their what do you do? Have them share their   what do you do? Have them share their screen and go really deep and take notes screen and go really deep and take notes   screen and go really deep and take notes on all those things. Then, if you're on all those things. Then, if you're   on all those things. Then, if you're doing this yourself, upload all these doing this yourself, upload all these   doing this yourself, upload all these things to a file system and open up things to a file system and open up   things to a file system and open up Cloud Code and have it work through Cloud Code and have it work through   Cloud Code and have it work through recommendations with you. Upload those recommendations with you. Upload those   recommendations with you. Upload those recommendations to Notion or whatever recommendations to Notion or whatever   recommendations to Notion or whatever tool you're using. And then have it tool you're using. And then have it   tool you're using. And then have it write a document with the other sections write a document with the other sections   write a document with the other sections of the doc that we wrote, which include of the doc that we wrote, which include   of the doc that we wrote, which include uh things like what happened here? uh things like what happened here?   uh things like what happened here? which include uh abstract, we did an which include uh abstract, we did an   which include uh abstract, we did an executive summary, company background, executive summary, company background,   executive summary, company background, uh company goals, and really anything uh company goals, and really anything   uh company goals, and really anything else that matters to the decision maker else that matters to the decision maker   else that matters to the decision maker at your company. And if it if you're the at your company. And if it if you're the   at your company. And if it if you're the decision maker, whatever matters to you.       Amazing. So this is the process and Amazing. So this is the process and   Amazing. So this is the process and again obviously the there are things we again obviously the there are things we   again obviously the there are things we do with more rigor or running things by do with more rigor or running things by   do with more rigor or running things by our engineers at 10x but this is really our engineers at 10x but this is really   our engineers at 10x but this is really the bones of the endto-end process that the bones of the endto-end process that   the bones of the endto-end process that we run at 10x. We're going to end up we run at 10x. We're going to end up   we run at 10x. We're going to end up posting this online on YouTube with the posting this online on YouTube with the   posting this online on YouTube with the survey that we run and anything else survey that we run and anything else   survey that we run and anything else that we think is helpful for you to run that we think is helpful for you to run   that we think is helpful for you to run this in your company. But if you do want this in your company. But if you do want   this in your company. But if you do want help in this process um again we do help in this process um again we do   help in this process um again we do these uh audits and these road mapaps these uh audits and these road mapaps   these uh audits and these road mapaps complimentary. So just go to 10x.co/get complimentary. So just go to 10x.co/get   complimentary. So just go to 10x.co/get co/gety started. It's in the chat and co/gety started. It's in the chat and   co/gety started. It's in the chat and we'd be happy to help as many companies we'd be happy to help as many companies   we'd be happy to help as many companies as we can. But this is super valuable as we can. But this is super valuable   as we can. But this is super valuable for building up credibility and acting for building up credibility and acting   for building up credibility and acting as the champion for transformation in as the champion for transformation in   as the champion for transformation in your business. So Arman, thank you for your business. So Arman, thank you for   your business. So Arman, thank you for walking us through it. Thank you walking us through it. Thank you   walking us through it. Thank you everyone for joining and as always everyone for joining and as always   everyone for joining and as always appreciate you watching Human in the appreciate you watching Human in the   appreciate you watching Human in the Loop and we will be back next week and Loop and we will be back next week and   Loop and we will be back next week and hopefully I'll have a new laptop. Thanks hopefully I'll have a new laptop. Thanks   hopefully I'll have a new laptop. Thanks everyone. Take it easy.