We've gotten 300 million views over the We've gotten 300 million views over the   We've gotten 300 million views over the last couple months. Really figured out last couple months. Really figured out   last couple months. Really figured out how to institutionally kind of process how to institutionally kind of process   how to institutionally kind of process viral AI ads. There's no world in which viral AI ads. There's no world in which   viral AI ads. There's no world in which this doesn't entirely replace all live this doesn't entirely replace all live   this doesn't entirely replace all live action productions. Like, yeah, this action productions. Like, yeah, this   action productions. Like, yeah, this this would have been hundreds of this would have been hundreds of   this would have been hundreds of thousands of dollars, if not probably thousands of dollars, if not probably   thousands of dollars, if not probably like one to 1.1 million, I think, would like one to 1.1 million, I think, would   like one to 1.1 million, I think, would probably be the traditional budget. probably be the traditional budget.   probably be the traditional budget. What's up, everyone? Welcome to another What's up, everyone? Welcome to another   What's up, everyone? Welcome to another episode of Human in the Loop, the most episode of Human in the Loop, the most   episode of Human in the Loop, the most actionable AI show on the internet. I'm actionable AI show on the internet. I'm   actionable AI show on the internet. I'm one of your hosts, Alex Lieberman, one of your hosts, Alex Lieberman,   one of your hosts, Alex Lieberman, co-founder and managing partner of 10X. co-founder and managing partner of 10X.   co-founder and managing partner of 10X. And uh I am joined as always by my And uh I am joined as always by my   And uh I am joined as always by my co-founder, Arman Hezarani. For those of co-founder, Arman Hezarani. For those of   co-founder, Arman Hezarani. For those of you who don't know, 10X is the AI you who don't know, 10X is the AI   you who don't know, 10X is the AI engineering and transformation engineering and transformation   engineering and transformation enterprise partner. And today's guest on enterprise partner. And today's guest on   enterprise partner. And today's guest on the show is an absolute powerhouse. PJ the show is an absolute powerhouse. PJ   the show is an absolute powerhouse. PJ Ace is a veteran producer and creative Ace is a veteran producer and creative   Ace is a veteran producer and creative who is now the CEO of Genre.ai, who is now the CEO of Genre.ai,   who is now the CEO of Genre.ai, an AI first video studio for some of the an AI first video studio for some of the   an AI first video studio for some of the biggest brands in the world. PJ has biggest brands in the world. PJ has   biggest brands in the world. PJ has cracked the code on manufacturing cracked the code on manufacturing   cracked the code on manufacturing virality uh with completely AI virality uh with completely AI   virality uh with completely AI commercials and launch videos that have commercials and launch videos that have   commercials and launch videos that have racked up 300 million views. And today racked up 300 million views. And today   racked up 300 million views. And today he's talking about his exact process. he's talking about his exact process.   he's talking about his exact process. PJ, thanks for joining the show. And I PJ, thanks for joining the show. And I   PJ, thanks for joining the show. And I just want to get kind of the quick just want to get kind of the quick   just want to get kind of the quick thought from you. If folks watch until thought from you. If folks watch until   thought from you. If folks watch until the end of this episode, what can they the end of this episode, what can they   the end of this episode, what can they expect to get out of this conversation? expect to get out of this conversation?   expect to get out of this conversation? &gt;&gt; Open kimono, baby. Full view of our &gt;&gt; Open kimono, baby. Full view of our   &gt;&gt; Open kimono, baby. Full view of our process. process.   process. &gt;&gt; Let's go. Let's go. &gt;&gt; Let's go. Let's go.   &gt;&gt; Let's go. Let's go. &gt;&gt; We've gotten 300 million views over the &gt;&gt; We've gotten 300 million views over the   &gt;&gt; We've gotten 300 million views over the last couple months and uh kind of like last couple months and uh kind of like   last couple months and uh kind of like you said, really figured out how to you said, really figured out how to   you said, really figured out how to institutionally kind of process viral AI institutionally kind of process viral AI   institutionally kind of process viral AI ads. You can never promise virality, but ads. You can never promise virality, but   ads. You can never promise virality, but you can promise great commercials, which you can promise great commercials, which   you can promise great commercials, which which we do at our agency. So here to which we do at our agency. So here to   which we do at our agency. So here to basically show you guys full skirt basically show you guys full skirt   basically show you guys full skirt production, you know, details on all of production, you know, details on all of   production, you know, details on all of this and feel free to copy it. It's this and feel free to copy it. It's   this and feel free to copy it. It's great. great.   great. &gt;&gt; Amazing. Let's &gt;&gt; Amazing. Let's   &gt;&gt; Amazing. Let's &gt;&gt; Is there any real quick? Is there any &gt;&gt; Is there any real quick? Is there any   &gt;&gt; Is there any real quick? Is there any like expected knowledge coming into like expected knowledge coming into   like expected knowledge coming into this? Like what what do what should this? Like what what do what should   this? Like what what do what should people know beforehand? Or is this for people know beforehand? Or is this for   people know beforehand? Or is this for everybody? everybody?   everybody? &gt;&gt; I don't think so. As long as you can use &gt;&gt; I don't think so. As long as you can use   &gt;&gt; I don't think so. As long as you can use CHBT, I think it's it's it's, you know, CHBT, I think it's it's it's, you know,   CHBT, I think it's it's it's, you know, close enough. Like you actually don't close enough. Like you actually don't   close enough. Like you actually don't have to be a filmmaker per se because have to be a filmmaker per se because   have to be a filmmaker per se because how we work with Chad GBT typically how we work with Chad GBT typically   how we work with Chad GBT typically helps you guide you through the whole helps you guide you through the whole   helps you guide you through the whole process. process.   process. &gt;&gt; Amazing. And and just to give the quick &gt;&gt; Amazing. And and just to give the quick   &gt;&gt; Amazing. And and just to give the quick breakdown on how we're going to go about breakdown on how we're going to go about   breakdown on how we're going to go about this conversation, we're going to have this conversation, we're going to have   this conversation, we're going to have PJ take us through his step-by-step PJ take us through his step-by-step   PJ take us through his step-by-step process for how he made one of their process for how he made one of their   process for how he made one of their incredibly successful commercials with incredibly successful commercials with   incredibly successful commercials with RAM. Right. We're going to go through RAM. Right. We're going to go through   RAM. Right. We're going to go through ramps. ramps.   ramps. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm.   &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; And so we're going to go through the &gt;&gt; And so we're going to go through the   &gt;&gt; And so we're going to go through the commercial for ramp and PJ's going to commercial for ramp and PJ's going to   commercial for ramp and PJ's going to take us step by step. The way we're take us step by step. The way we're   take us step by step. The way we're going to go about questions because we going to go about questions because we   going to go about questions because we want to make sure that we're engaging want to make sure that we're engaging   want to make sure that we're engaging you all and we're answering any you all and we're answering any   you all and we're answering any questions you have about his process is questions you have about his process is   questions you have about his process is at the end of each step that PJ goes at the end of each step that PJ goes   at the end of each step that PJ goes through. We will answer some questions through. We will answer some questions   through. We will answer some questions and we'll have him answer some and we'll have him answer some   and we'll have him answer some questions. So feel free to just put questions. So feel free to just put   questions. So feel free to just put questions in the Q&amp;A box. That'll be the questions in the Q&amp;A box. That'll be the   questions in the Q&amp;A box. That'll be the easiest way for us to find it. We will easiest way for us to find it. We will   easiest way for us to find it. We will take a few questions after each step and take a few questions after each step and   take a few questions after each step and we will get through the entire process we will get through the entire process   we will get through the entire process by the end of this hour. Sound good? by the end of this hour. Sound good?   by the end of this hour. Sound good? Let's do it. PJ, floor is yours. Let's do it. PJ, floor is yours.   Let's do it. PJ, floor is yours. Okay, guys. Um, well, look, I'm I'm I'm Okay, guys. Um, well, look, I'm I'm I'm   Okay, guys. Um, well, look, I'm I'm I'm super excited to kind of walk you all super excited to kind of walk you all   super excited to kind of walk you all through. Um, I'm going to need to be through. Um, I'm going to need to be   through. Um, I'm going to need to be able to share real quick, but I wanted able to share real quick, but I wanted   able to share real quick, but I wanted to show the ad at the start of this just to show the ad at the start of this just   to show the ad at the start of this just to kind of uh Here we go, to kind of uh Here we go,   to kind of uh Here we go, everyone. All right, guys. I'm putting everyone. All right, guys. I'm putting   everyone. All right, guys. I'm putting in the chat. If you can't hear this, um, in the chat. If you can't hear this, um,   in the chat. If you can't hear this, um, check out this link that I'm kind of check out this link that I'm kind of   check out this link that I'm kind of spamming in the chat. But basically, I'm spamming in the chat. But basically, I'm   spamming in the chat. But basically, I'm gonna walk you guys through gonna walk you guys through   gonna walk you guys through this um this ad, which you guys can see this um this ad, which you guys can see   this um this ad, which you guys can see here. And we're g basically go step by here. And we're g basically go step by   here. And we're g basically go step by step. So, I'll show you guys the step. So, I'll show you guys the   step. So, I'll show you guys the scripting process for it. I'll show you scripting process for it. I'll show you   scripting process for it. I'll show you guys, you know, how we're generating the guys, you know, how we're generating the   guys, you know, how we're generating the images. I'll show you how you're working images. I'll show you how you're working   images. I'll show you how you're working with CHPT to kind of generate each shot with CHPT to kind of generate each shot   with CHPT to kind of generate each shot in it, how we're animating it, and then in it, how we're animating it, and then   in it, how we're animating it, and then kind of how we're editing it at the end. kind of how we're editing it at the end.   kind of how we're editing it at the end. Okay guys, quick break. I know PJ is Okay guys, quick break. I know PJ is   Okay guys, quick break. I know PJ is going to absolute town with all this going to absolute town with all this   going to absolute town with all this knowledge right now. We don't want to knowledge right now. We don't want to   knowledge right now. We don't want to make you take notes, so we turn this make you take notes, so we turn this   make you take notes, so we turn this whole episode into a playbook. It whole episode into a playbook. It   whole episode into a playbook. It includes the step by step on how to includes the step by step on how to   includes the step by step on how to create Hollywood caliber ads with AI and create Hollywood caliber ads with AI and   create Hollywood caliber ads with AI and it includes all of the prompts that PJ it includes all of the prompts that PJ   it includes all of the prompts that PJ uses in his agency. If you want to check uses in his agency. If you want to check   uses in his agency. If you want to check it out, go to the link in the it out, go to the link in the   it out, go to the link in the description below. It is totally free. description below. It is totally free.   description below. It is totally free. It is just crazy. This is all AI. It is just crazy. This is all AI.   It is just crazy. This is all AI. &gt;&gt; Yeah.       &gt;&gt; And just for context, this shot like &gt;&gt; And just for context, this shot like   &gt;&gt; And just for context, this shot like this whole thing before what's gone on this whole thing before what's gone on   this whole thing before what's gone on with V3 and everything, how much would with V3 and everything, how much would   with V3 and everything, how much would this have cost you to make? this have cost you to make?   this have cost you to make? Yeah, this this would have been, you Yeah, this this would have been, you   Yeah, this this would have been, you know, like I mean hundreds of thousands know, like I mean hundreds of thousands   know, like I mean hundreds of thousands of dollars if not probably like one to of dollars if not probably like one to   of dollars if not probably like one to 1.1 million I think would would probably 1.1 million I think would would probably   1.1 million I think would would probably be the traditional um budget. So you be the traditional um budget. So you   be the traditional um budget. So you know I think and the thing is too that know I think and the thing is too that   know I think and the thing is too that we made this like 2 3 months ago with we made this like 2 3 months ago with   we made this like 2 3 months ago with like the new models that are dropping like the new models that are dropping   like the new models that are dropping like this can even look better. So like this can even look better. So   like this can even look better. So that's why I always say like if people that's why I always say like if people   that's why I always say like if people are like oh like this little thing looks are like oh like this little thing looks   are like oh like this little thing looks like a little AI it's like okay just like a little AI it's like okay just   like a little AI it's like okay just wait 2 months like the the J curve of wait 2 months like the the J curve of   wait 2 months like the the J curve of like exponential photo realism is crazy. like exponential photo realism is crazy.   like exponential photo realism is crazy. It's not about where it is now. It's It's not about where it is now. It's   It's not about where it is now. It's about where it's going to be in a few about where it's going to be in a few   about where it's going to be in a few months. And you know, there's no world months. And you know, there's no world   months. And you know, there's no world in which this doesn't entirely replace in which this doesn't entirely replace   in which this doesn't entirely replace all liveaction productions. Like if all liveaction productions. Like if   all liveaction productions. Like if we're this close, like what feels like we're this close, like what feels like   we're this close, like what feels like only like 6 months into the real AI only like 6 months into the real AI   only like 6 months into the real AI race, you know? race, you know?   race, you know? &gt;&gt; So, do you out of curiosity before we &gt;&gt; So, do you out of curiosity before we   &gt;&gt; So, do you out of curiosity before we hop into the process like where this all hop into the process like where this all   hop into the process like where this all starts, do you think that like starts, do you think that like   starts, do you think that like creative agencies that do these like creative agencies that do these like   creative agencies that do these like million-dollar projects are screwed? million-dollar projects are screwed?   million-dollar projects are screwed? like what happens to them in in lie of like what happens to them in in lie of   like what happens to them in in lie of what we're watching right now? what we're watching right now?   what we're watching right now? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a great question and I'll &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a great question and I'll   &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a great question and I'll just kind of I'm you know I like the just kind of I'm you know I like the   just kind of I'm you know I like the visual candy so we can just slowly visual candy so we can just slowly   visual candy so we can just slowly scroll through this in all its you know scroll through this in all its you know   scroll through this in all its you know 480p glory but like this is this is so 480p glory but like this is this is so   480p glory but like this is this is so fun. Uh yeah, I think I do think like fun. Uh yeah, I think I do think like   fun. Uh yeah, I think I do think like bigger bloated agencies are cooked kind bigger bloated agencies are cooked kind   bigger bloated agencies are cooked kind of like brands are going to win because of like brands are going to win because   of like brands are going to win because they'll be going to be able to produce they'll be going to be able to produce   they'll be going to be able to produce more content than ever and then more content than ever and then   more content than ever and then individual creators I do think will win individual creators I do think will win   individual creators I do think will win as long as they're kind of more writer as long as they're kind of more writer   as long as they're kind of more writer directors where it's going to be very directors where it's going to be very   directors where it's going to be very small teams that can make commercials small teams that can make commercials   small teams that can make commercials like this. At some level we do run the like this. At some level we do run the   like this. At some level we do run the risk of like entirely automation. But I risk of like entirely automation. But I   risk of like entirely automation. But I think even at that case like you're think even at that case like you're   think even at that case like you're still going to have someone who's still going to have someone who's   still going to have someone who's curating the scripts which get launched curating the scripts which get launched   curating the scripts which get launched to the automation things. They're still to the automation things. They're still   to the automation things. They're still going to be pulling the slot machine a going to be pulling the slot machine a   going to be pulling the slot machine a bunch of times making tweaks on edits. bunch of times making tweaks on edits.   bunch of times making tweaks on edits. So I don't think humans will ever be So I don't think humans will ever be   So I don't think humans will ever be like fully divorced at least in the next like fully divorced at least in the next   like fully divorced at least in the next two to three years from this. And in the two to three years from this. And in the   two to three years from this. And in the meantime, you know, we're kind of have meantime, you know, we're kind of have   meantime, you know, we're kind of have this arbitrage moment where, you know, this arbitrage moment where, you know,   this arbitrage moment where, you know, if you're a creator out there, you can if you're a creator out there, you can   if you're a creator out there, you can work with huge brands and like like you work with huge brands and like like you   work with huge brands and like like you never would have had access to before. never would have had access to before.   never would have had access to before. And there's like no gatekeeping. If And there's like no gatekeeping. If   And there's like no gatekeeping. If you're making banging AI ads, like the you're making banging AI ads, like the   you're making banging AI ads, like the biggest brands are going to hit you up. biggest brands are going to hit you up.   biggest brands are going to hit you up. It happened with us. And then if you're It happened with us. And then if you're   It happened with us. And then if you're a big brand, you can have these level a big brand, you can have these level   a big brand, you can have these level commercials for a lot cheaper than it commercials for a lot cheaper than it   commercials for a lot cheaper than it would have been, you know. would have been, you know.   would have been, you know. &gt;&gt; Totally. Okay. So, let's get into the &gt;&gt; Totally. Okay. So, let's get into the   &gt;&gt; Totally. Okay. So, let's get into the process. Where does this whole thing process. Where does this whole thing   process. Where does this whole thing start? Ramp wants you to make this start? Ramp wants you to make this   start? Ramp wants you to make this commercial. What do they give you? Like commercial. What do they give you? Like   commercial. What do they give you? Like how much are they are you briefed? Uh how much are they are you briefed? Uh   how much are they are you briefed? Uh how much detail is there? And then where how much detail is there? And then where   how much detail is there? And then where do you go from there? do you go from there?   do you go from there? &gt;&gt; Yeah, great great question. Um so I'll &gt;&gt; Yeah, great great question. Um so I'll   &gt;&gt; Yeah, great great question. Um so I'll take you guys through the different sort take you guys through the different sort   take you guys through the different sort of um steps in the in the process here. of um steps in the in the process here.   of um steps in the in the process here. Um so it always starts out with a brand Um so it always starts out with a brand   Um so it always starts out with a brand approaching us and we have a lot of approaching us and we have a lot of   approaching us and we have a lot of inbound. You know, I know not everyone inbound. You know, I know not everyone   inbound. You know, I know not everyone starts with that luxury of having a lot starts with that luxury of having a lot   starts with that luxury of having a lot of inbound. In the meantime, I would say of inbound. In the meantime, I would say   of inbound. In the meantime, I would say for like new creators that like don't for like new creators that like don't   for like new creators that like don't have any about just like create stuff in have any about just like create stuff in   have any about just like create stuff in a niche, you know, like do Nike a niche, you know, like do Nike   a niche, you know, like do Nike commercials. I do clothing commercials. commercials. I do clothing commercials.   commercials. I do clothing commercials. Do commercials in the spec and then Do commercials in the spec and then   Do commercials in the spec and then eventually like build up content in that eventually like build up content in that   eventually like build up content in that niche to where you're hitting brands up niche to where you're hitting brands up   niche to where you're hitting brands up like, "Hey, I just made this spec thing like, "Hey, I just made this spec thing   like, "Hey, I just made this spec thing for Nike and hey, I just made it for for Nike and hey, I just made it for   for Nike and hey, I just made it for Adidas." And reach out to all their Adidas." And reach out to all their   Adidas." And reach out to all their competitors. Like riches are in the competitors. Like riches are in the   competitors. Like riches are in the niches. But but once you kind of are niches. But but once you kind of are   niches. But but once you kind of are having brands approach, that's where we having brands approach, that's where we   having brands approach, that's where we are here. Um RAMP was like, "Hey, we are here. Um RAMP was like, "Hey, we   are here. Um RAMP was like, "Hey, we want a bunch of different concepts." So want a bunch of different concepts." So   want a bunch of different concepts." So what I did with RAMP was I went to um what I did with RAMP was I went to um   what I did with RAMP was I went to um let me see you guys can see this. Cool. let me see you guys can see this. Cool.   let me see you guys can see this. Cool. We we pitch them a lot of different We we pitch them a lot of different   We we pitch them a lot of different concepts. So how that the sort of you concepts. So how that the sort of you   concepts. So how that the sort of you know we like to say we mirror the know we like to say we mirror the   know we like to say we mirror the traditional agency process. Everyone traditional agency process. Everyone   traditional agency process. Everyone that works at my agency are traditional that works at my agency are traditional   that works at my agency are traditional background commercial filmmakers. And so background commercial filmmakers. And so   background commercial filmmakers. And so we'll pitch them usually three different we'll pitch them usually three different   we'll pitch them usually three different concepts. We'll have like a basic image concepts. We'll have like a basic image   concepts. We'll have like a basic image that goes with it and then just like an that goes with it and then just like an   that goes with it and then just like an overview of like a funny idea, a funny overview of like a funny idea, a funny   overview of like a funny idea, a funny concept to wrap this around. And then concept to wrap this around. And then   concept to wrap this around. And then the brand is like, "Hey, we like this. the brand is like, "Hey, we like this.   the brand is like, "Hey, we like this. Let's let's kind of go in this Let's let's kind of go in this   Let's let's kind of go in this direction." And so that's what they did direction." And so that's what they did   direction." And so that's what they did on concept number three with this zombie on concept number three with this zombie   on concept number three with this zombie audit. You know, it's a normal day at audit. You know, it's a normal day at   audit. You know, it's a normal day at the office. Suddenly a zombie slams his the office. Suddenly a zombie slams his   the office. Suddenly a zombie slams his hand on the window causing an employee hand on the window causing an employee   hand on the window causing an employee to scream and is saying receipts. You to scream and is saying receipts. You   to scream and is saying receipts. You know, it's like no auditors. You know, know, it's like no auditors. You know,   know, it's like no auditors. You know, and and the reason we pitch comedy first and and the reason we pitch comedy first   and and the reason we pitch comedy first ads is because that we feel like people ads is because that we feel like people   ads is because that we feel like people don't want authentic AI crap. You know don't want authentic AI crap. You know   don't want authentic AI crap. You know what I mean? Like there's nothing what I mean? Like there's nothing   what I mean? Like there's nothing authentic about advertising. So, let's authentic about advertising. So, let's   authentic about advertising. So, let's let's set the record straight on that. let's set the record straight on that.   let's set the record straight on that. But AI is even less authentic. So, why But AI is even less authentic. So, why   But AI is even less authentic. So, why don't we actually make everything like a don't we actually make everything like a   don't we actually make everything like a Super Bowl commercial in that it's like Super Bowl commercial in that it's like   Super Bowl commercial in that it's like 80% a joke and 20% connected to the 80% a joke and 20% connected to the   80% a joke and 20% connected to the brand in a way that actually brand in a way that actually   brand in a way that actually communicates like what the brand does. communicates like what the brand does.   communicates like what the brand does. Yep. Yep.   Yep. &gt;&gt; Awesome. So basically you had this &gt;&gt; Awesome. So basically you had this   &gt;&gt; Awesome. So basically you had this concept of zombie slams hand on window concept of zombie slams hand on window   concept of zombie slams hand on window uh and it's like the auditor who's uh and it's like the auditor who's   uh and it's like the auditor who's stylized like a zombie and and so once stylized like a zombie and and so once   stylized like a zombie and and so once like that concept and so just so I like that concept and so just so I   like that concept and so just so I understand the concept is this literally understand the concept is this literally   understand the concept is this literally the exact concept that you put in front the exact concept that you put in front   the exact concept that you put in front of ramp which is kind of like a you know of ramp which is kind of like a you know   of ramp which is kind of like a you know 250word 250word   250word kind of outline of what the story like kind of outline of what the story like   kind of outline of what the story like what the theme of the commercial is and what the theme of the commercial is and   what the theme of the commercial is and what the story is that you would want to what the story is that you would want to   what the story is that you would want to tell. tell.   tell. &gt;&gt; That's exactly it. Yeah, we we always do &gt;&gt; That's exactly it. Yeah, we we always do   &gt;&gt; That's exactly it. Yeah, we we always do it like it's not a full script script it like it's not a full script script   it like it's not a full script script because again like we're throwing at because again like we're throwing at   because again like we're throwing at probably usually three at them at the probably usually three at them at the   probably usually three at them at the start and we do do it for free for start and we do do it for free for   start and we do do it for free for brands of just like hey here's three brands of just like hey here's three   brands of just like hey here's three concepts if you like one of them you concepts if you like one of them you   concepts if you like one of them you have to begin uh you know an engagement have to begin uh you know an engagement   have to begin uh you know an engagement with us and we scope out the price and with us and we scope out the price and   with us and we scope out the price and then we basically say we'll hit start then we basically say we'll hit start   then we basically say we'll hit start once you kind of sign the agreement and once you kind of sign the agreement and   once you kind of sign the agreement and so let's just say they like concept so let's just say they like concept   so let's just say they like concept number three we'll flesh this out into a number three we'll flesh this out into a   number three we'll flesh this out into a little more detail which has all these little more detail which has all these   little more detail which has all these things but to be honest like you don't things but to be honest like you don't   things but to be honest like you don't really need like crazy amounts of detail really need like crazy amounts of detail   really need like crazy amounts of detail to go to the next step which is to go to the next step which is   to go to the next step which is basically putting in chat GPT and basically putting in chat GPT and   basically putting in chat GPT and starting to organize like how to starting to organize like how to   starting to organize like how to approach the ad like who are the approach the ad like who are the   approach the ad like who are the characters what are the scenes and what characters what are the scenes and what   characters what are the scenes and what are the shots which we'll we'll talk are the shots which we'll we'll talk   are the shots which we'll we'll talk through next through next   through next &gt;&gt; and on this question &gt;&gt; and on this question   &gt;&gt; and on this question &gt;&gt; yeah go ahead Arman &gt;&gt; yeah go ahead Arman   &gt;&gt; yeah go ahead Arman &gt;&gt; are you using AI to write this doc &gt;&gt; are you using AI to write this doc   &gt;&gt; are you using AI to write this doc &gt;&gt; it's a good question uh we have a couple &gt;&gt; it's a good question uh we have a couple   &gt;&gt; it's a good question uh we have a couple different writers and I'm I'm a writer different writers and I'm I'm a writer   different writers and I'm I'm a writer myself so I I I think that we always use myself so I I I think that we always use   myself so I I I think that we always use it as like a co-pilot like we'll be it as like a co-pilot like we'll be   it as like a co-pilot like we'll be brainstorming I mean highle ideas like brainstorming I mean highle ideas like   brainstorming I mean highle ideas like hey I've got uh ramp it's a finance hey I've got uh ramp it's a finance   hey I've got uh ramp it's a finance receipt company but I want to have crazy receipt company but I want to have crazy   receipt company but I want to have crazy ideas you know on on like how we could ideas you know on on like how we could   ideas you know on on like how we could approach this give me funny like approach this give me funny like   approach this give me funny like analogies metaphors may make this epic analogies metaphors may make this epic   analogies metaphors may make this epic ways we can parody Holiday Hollywood ways we can parody Holiday Hollywood   ways we can parody Holiday Hollywood movies like for our other brand we did movies like for our other brand we did   movies like for our other brand we did for like David Beckham's company it for like David Beckham's company it   for like David Beckham's company it started off as like a Matrix um um you started off as like a Matrix um um you   started off as like a Matrix um um you know sort of satire whereas basically know sort of satire whereas basically   know sort of satire whereas basically you can choose their product or the you can choose their product or the   you can choose their product or the competitor's product and you see the competitor's product and you see the   competitor's product and you see the reflection in the glasses and like that reflection in the glasses and like that   reflection in the glasses and like that was probably like a AI idea that like was probably like a AI idea that like   was probably like a AI idea that like helps us flesh it out but you can't just helps us flesh it out but you can't just   helps us flesh it out but you can't just solely rely on chatt cuz they're boring solely rely on chatt cuz they're boring   solely rely on chatt cuz they're boring scripts they're really vanilla so you scripts they're really vanilla so you   scripts they're really vanilla so you got to kind of work with it to give you got to kind of work with it to give you   got to kind of work with it to give you ideas like a writing partner ideas like a writing partner   ideas like a writing partner awesome so okay you you basically you do awesome so okay you you basically you do   awesome so okay you you basically you do this free work to put three concepts in this free work to put three concepts in   this free work to put three concepts in front of a client ramp was like okay front of a client ramp was like okay   front of a client ramp was like okay this zombie one is a banger um and it this zombie one is a banger um and it   this zombie one is a banger um and it sounds like you could use AI in this sounds like you could use AI in this   sounds like you could use AI in this part of this the process but like you're part of this the process but like you're   part of this the process but like you're kind of co-piloting with AI where it's kind of co-piloting with AI where it's   kind of co-piloting with AI where it's helping to feed you ideas, but you're helping to feed you ideas, but you're   helping to feed you ideas, but you're not just relying on the ideas that it not just relying on the ideas that it   not just relying on the ideas that it feeds you. RAM says, "Okay, this is this feeds you. RAM says, "Okay, this is this   feeds you. RAM says, "Okay, this is this is the concept we're excited about. is the concept we're excited about.   is the concept we're excited about. What's next?" What's next?"   What's next?" &gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. Exactly. Exactly. So then we'd &gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. Exactly. Exactly. So then we'd   &gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. Exactly. Exactly. So then we'd go in the full script and like I said, go in the full script and like I said,   go in the full script and like I said, you know, we'd maybe give it a bit more you know, we'd maybe give it a bit more   you know, we'd maybe give it a bit more details, but to be honest, like this is details, but to be honest, like this is   details, but to be honest, like this is really all you need to upload to like a really all you need to upload to like a   really all you need to upload to like a chatbt and start to get like shots on chatbt and start to get like shots on   chatbt and start to get like shots on the shot list. So, just to give you guys the shot list. So, just to give you guys   the shot list. So, just to give you guys like a quick overview, this would be like a quick overview, this would be   like a quick overview, this would be blank to start with, but like what we're blank to start with, but like what we're   blank to start with, but like what we're going to want to work towards is this going to want to work towards is this   going to want to work towards is this kind of storyboard approach. And I know kind of storyboard approach. And I know   kind of storyboard approach. And I know in initially it's going to seem a little in initially it's going to seem a little   in initially it's going to seem a little cluttered and like, oh, that's crazy. cluttered and like, oh, that's crazy.   cluttered and like, oh, that's crazy. That's a lot of data, but like what we That's a lot of data, but like what we   That's a lot of data, but like what we want is like we want to break it down to want is like we want to break it down to   want is like we want to break it down to scenes, beats, and characters saying scenes, beats, and characters saying   scenes, beats, and characters saying lines that are like in here. And so what lines that are like in here. And so what   lines that are like in here. And so what you have on this left side was actually you have on this left side was actually   you have on this left side was actually was actually the first version of the was actually the first version of the   was actually the first version of the SAD that we did. And as you can see on SAD that we did. And as you can see on   SAD that we did. And as you can see on the screen here, what's below, this was the screen here, what's below, this was   the screen here, what's below, this was all text to video and what's above was a all text to video and what's above was a   all text to video and what's above was a full um full um   full um was was a full version that we did with was was a full version that we did with   was was a full version that we did with image to video. And this is kind of the image to video. And this is kind of the   image to video. And this is kind of the power of image to video is you get a lot power of image to video is you get a lot   power of image to video is you get a lot more photo realism and the characters more photo realism and the characters   more photo realism and the characters really come to life. So this is actually really come to life. So this is actually   really come to life. So this is actually the first project we've ever done a the first project we've ever done a   the first project we've ever done a comparison on and then we realized, oh comparison on and then we realized, oh   comparison on and then we realized, oh man, like the characters really come man, like the characters really come   man, like the characters really come through, the aesthetics really come through, the aesthetics really come   through, the aesthetics really come through. I think the AI slop is what through. I think the AI slop is what   through. I think the AI slop is what you're seeing a little more on the you're seeing a little more on the   you're seeing a little more on the bottom and what you're seeing at the top bottom and what you're seeing at the top   bottom and what you're seeing at the top that we is the commercial we just that we is the commercial we just   that we is the commercial we just watched finally. You get a lot more watched finally. You get a lot more   watched finally. You get a lot more moodiness. You get a lot more like moodiness. You get a lot more like   moodiness. You get a lot more like anamorphic flare like cinematic kind of anamorphic flare like cinematic kind of   anamorphic flare like cinematic kind of like visual language for it. And uh if like visual language for it. And uh if   like visual language for it. And uh if you're just kind of doing like your you're just kind of doing like your   you're just kind of doing like your standard V3 commercial standard V3 commercial   standard V3 commercial text to video uh you're not going to get text to video uh you're not going to get   text to video uh you're not going to get that. So that's what we really have here that. So that's what we really have here   that. So that's what we really have here in the Figma that we were able to in the Figma that we were able to   in the Figma that we were able to unpack. So we did a first version of the unpack. So we did a first version of the   unpack. So we did a first version of the commercial. We actually didn't like it. commercial. We actually didn't like it.   commercial. We actually didn't like it. So, we're like, you know what? We're So, we're like, you know what? We're   So, we're like, you know what? We're going to build it from image to video. going to build it from image to video.   going to build it from image to video. And that's when you can get in and we And that's when you can get in and we   And that's when you can get in and we basically go shot by shot, which I'm basically go shot by shot, which I'm   basically go shot by shot, which I'm going to show you guys how to go shot by going to show you guys how to go shot by   going to show you guys how to go shot by shot. But just to give you an overview shot. But just to give you an overview   shot. But just to give you an overview of the process, we work with image of the process, we work with image   of the process, we work with image generate uh image like what we call AI generate uh image like what we call AI   generate uh image like what we call AI DPS, AI director of photographies or AI DPS, AI director of photographies or AI   DPS, AI director of photographies or AI cinematographers, and they generate a cinematographers, and they generate a   cinematographers, and they generate a bunch of variations for every shot on bunch of variations for every shot on   bunch of variations for every shot on the shot list. Let me pause there. Alex, the shot list. Let me pause there. Alex,   the shot list. Let me pause there. Alex, Arman, do you guys have any questions on Arman, do you guys have any questions on   Arman, do you guys have any questions on kind of what I talked about there? kind of what I talked about there?   kind of what I talked about there? I think this makes sense. Um I I'm I think this makes sense. Um I I'm   I think this makes sense. Um I I'm curious like is this structure curious like is this structure   curious like is this structure common to film making or is this like common to film making or is this like   common to film making or is this like specific to AI? Like what are the specific to AI? Like what are the   specific to AI? Like what are the similarities behind between like how similarities behind between like how   similarities behind between like how you're doing right now and you're doing right now and   you're doing right now and &gt;&gt; so imagine this is just storyboard like &gt;&gt; so imagine this is just storyboard like   &gt;&gt; so imagine this is just storyboard like actual drawings. That is essentially actual drawings. That is essentially   actual drawings. That is essentially what we've mirrored here is the what we've mirrored here is the   what we've mirrored here is the storyboarding process. So, this guy storyboarding process. So, this guy   storyboarding process. So, this guy would just be like a charcoal kind of would just be like a charcoal kind of   would just be like a charcoal kind of mockup. And then our, you know, this is mockup. And then our, you know, this is   mockup. And then our, you know, this is kind of us on set, quote unquote, is us kind of us on set, quote unquote, is us   kind of us on set, quote unquote, is us trying to recreate this shot, but with trying to recreate this shot, but with   trying to recreate this shot, but with prompts. And then I'll show you guys how prompts. And then I'll show you guys how   prompts. And then I'll show you guys how the actual prompts look. Give me a the actual prompts look. Give me a   the actual prompts look. Give me a second. Um, they look like this. And I'm second. Um, they look like this. And I'm   second. Um, they look like this. And I'm going to show you guys how to generate going to show you guys how to generate   going to show you guys how to generate these images. But essentially, our aidps these images. But essentially, our aidps   these images. But essentially, our aidps are going in and they're basically are going in and they're basically   are going in and they're basically putting their prompts next to all of putting their prompts next to all of   putting their prompts next to all of these images. So, if anyone else wants these images. So, if anyone else wants   these images. So, if anyone else wants to like tag on, add some different, you to like tag on, add some different, you   to like tag on, add some different, you know, alternate angles or anything like know, alternate angles or anything like   know, alternate angles or anything like that, they've got the prompts for each that, they've got the prompts for each   that, they've got the prompts for each one right here. And we use Figma to one right here. And we use Figma to   one right here. And we use Figma to really lay out everything in like a really lay out everything in like a   really lay out everything in like a modular board. Uh there's other modular board. Uh there's other   modular board. Uh there's other programs, but we found that this is kind programs, but we found that this is kind   programs, but we found that this is kind of best. And then once we've laid out of best. And then once we've laid out   of best. And then once we've laid out the shots, we basically the director the shots, we basically the director   the shots, we basically the director comes and they move over which one they comes and they move over which one they   comes and they move over which one they like to their favorite as the selects to like to their favorite as the selects to   like to their favorite as the selects to kind of make the final thing to get kind of make the final thing to get   kind of make the final thing to get animated. Right. Ju just um I want to animated. Right. Ju just um I want to   animated. Right. Ju just um I want to make sure I understand kind of how we make sure I understand kind of how we   make sure I understand kind of how we got exactly how we got from the original got exactly how we got from the original   got exactly how we got from the original um kind of concept to here. So you had um kind of concept to here. So you had   um kind of concept to here. So you had that original concept which was the that original concept which was the   that original concept which was the zombie auditor. You take that original zombie auditor. You take that original   zombie auditor. You take that original concept and are you throwing it into GPT concept and are you throwing it into GPT   concept and are you throwing it into GPT with a prompt that generates kind of with a prompt that generates kind of   with a prompt that generates kind of like the beats, the shots, and whatever like the beats, the shots, and whatever   like the beats, the shots, and whatever the third thing was. And then that's the third thing was. And then that's   the third thing was. And then that's what leads to you filling out this what leads to you filling out this   what leads to you filling out this Figma. Like is is this fill out of Figma Figma. Like is is this fill out of Figma   Figma. Like is is this fill out of Figma happening after you've built the script? happening after you've built the script?   happening after you've built the script? Yeah, exactly. So, pretend that this is Yeah, exactly. So, pretend that this is   Yeah, exactly. So, pretend that this is blank initially. What we need is we need blank initially. What we need is we need   blank initially. What we need is we need to kind of storyboard out, all right, to kind of storyboard out, all right,   to kind of storyboard out, all right, what are the shots that are going to be what are the shots that are going to be   what are the shots that are going to be in this? And so, this is where chat PT in this? And so, this is where chat PT   in this? And so, this is where chat PT really comes into play. I just wanted to really comes into play. I just wanted to   really comes into play. I just wanted to give you guys kind of an overview of give you guys kind of an overview of   give you guys kind of an overview of this. So, what I did is I took this here this. So, what I did is I took this here   this. So, what I did is I took this here and I said, okay, it's a normal day in and I said, okay, it's a normal day in   and I said, okay, it's a normal day in the office, blah blah blah. I take I the office, blah blah blah. I take I   the office, blah blah blah. I take I copy and paste this and then I take this copy and paste this and then I take this   copy and paste this and then I take this into an app called Rev or Reeve. It's into an app called Rev or Reeve. It's   into an app called Rev or Reeve. It's just app.rev.com. So this is like just app.rev.com. So this is like   just app.rev.com. So this is like picture this like mid journey but it's picture this like mid journey but it's   picture this like mid journey but it's also like chatbt and so the problem with also like chatbt and so the problem with   also like chatbt and so the problem with chatbt is that it only generates one chatbt is that it only generates one   chatbt is that it only generates one image at a time. You can't really like image at a time. You can't really like   image at a time. You can't really like go modular and like actually edit out go modular and like actually edit out   go modular and like actually edit out things on this like it's it's basically things on this like it's it's basically   things on this like it's it's basically like chatbt but it's it's really high like chatbt but it's it's really high   like chatbt but it's it's really high res images. This is their own res images. This is their own   res images. This is their own proprietary model. So check it out proprietary model. So check it out   proprietary model. So check it out app.rev.com. app.rev.com.   app.rev.com. Um and what you're able to do is Um and what you're able to do is   Um and what you're able to do is basically say okay here's the script for basically say okay here's the script for   basically say okay here's the script for my production. I want you to use a my production. I want you to use a   my production. I want you to use a script, create a shot list for it, and script, create a shot list for it, and   script, create a shot list for it, and then go shot by shot and start then go shot by shot and start   then go shot by shot and start generating all the shots for this. So generating all the shots for this. So   generating all the shots for this. So then we now paste the script that we then we now paste the script that we   then we now paste the script that we just had here. It's normal day in the just had here. It's normal day in the   just had here. It's normal day in the office, suddenly a zombie hand. We just office, suddenly a zombie hand. We just   office, suddenly a zombie hand. We just paste our script into here. And then I paste our script into here. And then I   paste our script into here. And then I tell it, use this prompt structure as a tell it, use this prompt structure as a   tell it, use this prompt structure as a template. And this is like a common template. And this is like a common   template. And this is like a common prompt structure I have for a lot of my prompt structure I have for a lot of my   prompt structure I have for a lot of my things. Um and then and then it's like things. Um and then and then it's like   things. Um and then and then it's like great we will start uh I'll create a great we will start uh I'll create a   great we will start uh I'll create a comprehensive shot list for your zombie comprehensive shot list for your zombie   comprehensive shot list for your zombie arter commentary generate all the shots arter commentary generate all the shots   arter commentary generate all the shots and then basically it'll go shot one and then basically it'll go shot one   and then basically it'll go shot one shot two shot three shot four. So this shot two shot three shot four. So this   shot two shot three shot four. So this is like and then it autogenerated all of is like and then it autogenerated all of   is like and then it autogenerated all of these shots as you can see on the left. these shots as you can see on the left.   these shots as you can see on the left. Now is it that great? No. I came back Now is it that great? No. I came back   Now is it that great? No. I came back and I actually had to finangle most of and I actually had to finangle most of   and I actually had to finangle most of these shots, but it was like you just these shots, but it was like you just   these shots, but it was like you just saw I I mean you basically just copy and saw I I mean you basically just copy and   saw I I mean you basically just copy and paste this into a chatbt like interface paste this into a chatbt like interface   paste this into a chatbt like interface and it gives you like 50% of an ad and and it gives you like 50% of an ad and   and it gives you like 50% of an ad and then you can just make tweaks on it. then you can just make tweaks on it.   then you can just make tweaks on it. That's kind of the framework that we're That's kind of the framework that we're   That's kind of the framework that we're able to have in Reef. able to have in Reef.   able to have in Reef. &gt;&gt; Awesome. And um a few questions. One is &gt;&gt; Awesome. And um a few questions. One is   &gt;&gt; Awesome. And um a few questions. One is are you down to share that typical are you down to share that typical   are you down to share that typical prompt you use with the group? Um, yeah. prompt you use with the group? Um, yeah.   prompt you use with the group? Um, yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah.   &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's it's it's not a not a big &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's it's it's not a not a big   &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's it's it's not a not a big deal. I share prompts a lot. And and and deal. I share prompts a lot. And and and   deal. I share prompts a lot. And and and and also I do think that like and also I do think that like   and also I do think that like &gt;&gt; prompts are a bit overrated in the sense &gt;&gt; prompts are a bit overrated in the sense   &gt;&gt; prompts are a bit overrated in the sense that like they are that like they are   that like they are I'll paste it into the chat. Prompts are I'll paste it into the chat. Prompts are   I'll paste it into the chat. Prompts are a bit overrated in the sense that like a bit overrated in the sense that like   a bit overrated in the sense that like AI models go through what's called AI models go through what's called   AI models go through what's called rewriters where they basically rewrite rewriters where they basically rewrite   rewriters where they basically rewrite that. But what what what this prompt is, that. But what what what this prompt is,   that. But what what what this prompt is, it's not the poeticness of it. It's kind it's not the poeticness of it. It's kind   it's not the poeticness of it. It's kind of just saying like, so when I there's of just saying like, so when I there's   of just saying like, so when I there's no prompt, you know, maybe it's just no prompt, you know, maybe it's just   no prompt, you know, maybe it's just gonna have something more like that. gonna have something more like that.   gonna have something more like that. That's not good. So I had to go in and That's not good. So I had to go in and   That's not good. So I had to go in and basically say, no, no, no. I want this basically say, no, no, no. I want this   basically say, no, no, no. I want this prompt because I want it to feel prompt because I want it to feel   prompt because I want it to feel cinematic. So I want there to be like cinematic. So I want there to be like   cinematic. So I want there to be like backlighting and I want there to be like backlighting and I want there to be like   backlighting and I want there to be like more of like a horror vibe and I'm going more of like a horror vibe and I'm going   more of like a horror vibe and I'm going to give it a bunch of language to to give it a bunch of language to   to give it a bunch of language to describe like how the office is. There's describe like how the office is. There's   describe like how the office is. There's brick wall backgrounds. Some of the brick wall backgrounds. Some of the   brick wall backgrounds. Some of the things are torn up, you know, like it's things are torn up, you know, like it's   things are torn up, you know, like it's it's feels cinematic. You know, the it's feels cinematic. You know, the   it's feels cinematic. You know, the background's slightly blurry. There's background's slightly blurry. There's   background's slightly blurry. There's haze in there. So anyway, that's how haze in there. So anyway, that's how   haze in there. So anyway, that's how like having a prompt as a structure can like having a prompt as a structure can   like having a prompt as a structure can make it more cinematic, if that makes make it more cinematic, if that makes   make it more cinematic, if that makes sense. And and then make everything as a sense. And and then make everything as a   sense. And and then make everything as a result consistent between all of these result consistent between all of these   result consistent between all of these shots to where they all kind of look shots to where they all kind of look   shots to where they all kind of look cinematic. cinematic.   cinematic. &gt;&gt; So that's what I was going to ask also. &gt;&gt; So that's what I was going to ask also.   &gt;&gt; So that's what I was going to ask also. I feel like one of the hard things about I feel like one of the hard things about   I feel like one of the hard things about text to image is the variance in like text to image is the variance in like   text to image is the variance in like the style. Uh even and and so have you the style. Uh even and and so have you   the style. Uh even and and so have you found that using this prompt found that using this prompt   found that using this prompt &gt;&gt; keeps continuity of the style in a &gt;&gt; keeps continuity of the style in a   &gt;&gt; keeps continuity of the style in a really kind of like standardized way or really kind of like standardized way or   really kind of like standardized way or do you still have to finagle these mount do you still have to finagle these mount   do you still have to finagle these mount to get all the styles of these disparate to get all the styles of these disparate   to get all the styles of these disparate images which get turned into actual images which get turned into actual   images which get turned into actual scenes? Do you have to do more finagling scenes? Do you have to do more finagling   scenes? Do you have to do more finagling to keep it the same? to keep it the same?   to keep it the same? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's a mix. I mean there's a &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's a mix. I mean there's a   &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's a mix. I mean there's a couple different ways to keep consistent couple different ways to keep consistent   couple different ways to keep consistent style. But one is like you said it's style. But one is like you said it's   style. But one is like you said it's just like keeping similar descriptors in just like keeping similar descriptors in   just like keeping similar descriptors in this you know like shot on this lens this you know like shot on this lens   this you know like shot on this lens like shallow depth of field nocturnal like shallow depth of field nocturnal   like shallow depth of field nocturnal lighting you know we've got like brick lighting you know we've got like brick   lighting you know we've got like brick walls in the office we've got like walls in the office we've got like   walls in the office we've got like overhead LEDs we've got you know overhead LEDs we've got you know   overhead LEDs we've got you know essentially like a few common language essentially like a few common language   essentially like a few common language but what also can helped is you can also but what also can helped is you can also   but what also can helped is you can also take this into like Google's nano banana take this into like Google's nano banana   take this into like Google's nano banana model which is their like image model which is their like image   model which is their like image generator you can upload as a reference generator you can upload as a reference   generator you can upload as a reference and then just say okay like take the and then just say okay like take the   and then just say okay like take the next shot on the shot list but use the next shot on the shot list but use the   next shot on the shot list but use the style of this image. So then it'll style of this image. So then it'll   style of this image. So then it'll generate the next shot of like what he's generate the next shot of like what he's   generate the next shot of like what he's looking at the zombies in back like so looking at the zombies in back like so   looking at the zombies in back like so it's like I mean I can even do it here it's like I mean I can even do it here   it's like I mean I can even do it here in within Rev and I can say turn the C. in within Rev and I can say turn the C.   in within Rev and I can say turn the C. So I've got this C image selected and I So I've got this C image selected and I   So I've got this C image selected and I say turn the camera around and show a say turn the camera around and show a   say turn the camera around and show a zombie attacking the man, you know, zombie attacking the man, you know,   zombie attacking the man, you know, something like that. And then what it's something like that. And then what it's   something like that. And then what it's going to do is it's going to generate going to do is it's going to generate   going to do is it's going to generate from using this image. And this is where from using this image. And this is where   from using this image. And this is where we are now in like the 2025 kind of we are now in like the 2025 kind of   we are now in like the 2025 kind of cycle is it's so much easier to do cycle is it's so much easier to do   cycle is it's so much easier to do variations on shots slightly tweak variations on shots slightly tweak   variations on shots slightly tweak things like change his glasses from things like change his glasses from   things like change his glasses from tortoise shell to you know horn rimmed tortoise shell to you know horn rimmed   tortoise shell to you know horn rimmed glasses or something like that. Right. glasses or something like that. Right.   glasses or something like that. Right. How much of the like like how much of How much of the like like how much of   How much of the like like how much of the heavy lifting is being done by Rev the heavy lifting is being done by Rev   the heavy lifting is being done by Rev versus the model? And are you like are versus the model? And are you like are   versus the model? And are you like are you selective about oh I want to use you selective about oh I want to use   you selective about oh I want to use nano banana within Rev or does Rev have nano banana within Rev or does Rev have   nano banana within Rev or does Rev have their own models? Like how much do you their own models? Like how much do you   their own models? Like how much do you care about the model? care about the model?   care about the model? Uh that's a good question. Um I we're Uh that's a good question. Um I we're   Uh that's a good question. Um I we're we're actually kind of model agnostic. I we're actually kind of model agnostic. I   we're actually kind of model agnostic. I think Rev helps really move things think Rev helps really move things   think Rev helps really move things quickly, but Google's nano banana and so quickly, but Google's nano banana and so   quickly, but Google's nano banana and so if you go to freepick.com you can if you go to freepick.com you can   if you go to freepick.com you can actually access all the models and you actually access all the models and you   actually access all the models and you can try like okay I'm going to s try can try like okay I'm going to s try   can try like okay I'm going to s try Google's model or I'm going to try Google's model or I'm going to try   Google's model or I'm going to try midjourney or I'm going to try cdream midjourney or I'm going to try cdream   midjourney or I'm going to try cdream which is the Tik Tok model and like which is the Tik Tok model and like   which is the Tik Tok model and like they're all pretty good these days. I they're all pretty good these days. I   they're all pretty good these days. I think what I like about Rev like is that think what I like about Rev like is that   think what I like about Rev like is that it's just baked with this chat GPT it's just baked with this chat GPT   it's just baked with this chat GPT experience but also now runway has it. experience but also now runway has it.   experience but also now runway has it. So to be honest, like trying a couple So to be honest, like trying a couple   So to be honest, like trying a couple different ones to see what works best different ones to see what works best   different ones to see what works best with your style really is helpful. Um, with your style really is helpful. Um,   with your style really is helpful. Um, but you know, you are able to turn out but you know, you are able to turn out   but you know, you are able to turn out some pretty good examples. And I always some pretty good examples. And I always   some pretty good examples. And I always say like volume really helps too. That's say like volume really helps too. That's   say like volume really helps too. That's why if you do look at our uh boards, why if you do look at our uh boards,   why if you do look at our uh boards, like we're going to take one prompt or like we're going to take one prompt or   like we're going to take one prompt or one shot and we're going to have a lot one shot and we're going to have a lot   one shot and we're going to have a lot of variations on that so our director of variations on that so our director   of variations on that so our director can really say like, okay, I just I like can really say like, okay, I just I like   can really say like, okay, I just I like there's something about this frame that there's something about this frame that   there's something about this frame that I really like. I really like.   I really like. &gt;&gt; Okay. So basically, so so from the top, &gt;&gt; Okay. So basically, so so from the top,   &gt;&gt; Okay. So basically, so so from the top, you approach ramp, you show them three you approach ramp, you show them three   you approach ramp, you show them three different ideas that you kind of different ideas that you kind of   different ideas that you kind of iterated with AI to get three different iterated with AI to get three different   iterated with AI to get three different ideas. You put this into Rev, and you ideas. You put this into Rev, and you   ideas. You put this into Rev, and you have a prompt that you just shared with have a prompt that you just shared with   have a prompt that you just shared with the uh with the audience to to basically the uh with the audience to to basically   the uh with the audience to to basically um um   um &gt;&gt; like iterate on a bunch of different &gt;&gt; like iterate on a bunch of different   &gt;&gt; like iterate on a bunch of different shots. And this is the AIDP role. Those shots. And this is the AIDP role. Those   shots. And this is the AIDP role. Those are all put into Figma into the the are all put into Figma into the the   are all put into Figma into the the sheet that you showed. Then you have a sheet that you showed. Then you have a   sheet that you showed. Then you have a director basically comb through all director basically comb through all   director basically comb through all these and drag what they like into the these and drag what they like into the   these and drag what they like into the green section. Is that right? green section. Is that right?   green section. Is that right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. So this is our &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. So this is our   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. So this is our selects. Yep. Yep. And if the director selects. Yep. Yep. And if the director   selects. Yep. Yep. And if the director wants to make notes like what we can do wants to make notes like what we can do   wants to make notes like what we can do and I do want to credit so I I didn't and I do want to credit so I I didn't   and I do want to credit so I I didn't direct this uh this is by uh Dan Packer direct this uh this is by uh Dan Packer   direct this uh this is by uh Dan Packer is is one of the directors at our is is one of the directors at our   is is one of the directors at our agency. Um and and Dan Dan and the team agency. Um and and Dan Dan and the team   agency. Um and and Dan Dan and the team did an incredible job. So just as a high did an incredible job. So just as a high   did an incredible job. So just as a high level in the roles if you can't expand level in the roles if you can't expand   level in the roles if you can't expand to a big agency like ours like we hire to a big agency like ours like we hire   to a big agency like ours like we hire we have a writer who then works with a we have a writer who then works with a   we have a writer who then works with a director like Dan and then Dan works director like Dan and then Dan works   director like Dan and then Dan works with AI cinematographers AIDPS and then with AI cinematographers AIDPS and then   with AI cinematographers AIDPS and then they work with animators. So once we've they work with animators. So once we've   they work with animators. So once we've got this shot, we then want to take it got this shot, we then want to take it   got this shot, we then want to take it into VO3, which you can see here, and into VO3, which you can see here, and   into VO3, which you can see here, and we're going to, you know, I can walk you we're going to, you know, I can walk you   we're going to, you know, I can walk you through this in a second, but you through this in a second, but you   through this in a second, but you basically say the character bangs on the basically say the character bangs on the   basically say the character bangs on the glass until it shatters, and then it'll glass until it shatters, and then it'll   glass until it shatters, and then it'll have him like, you know, banging on the have him like, you know, banging on the   have him like, you know, banging on the glass. And then we'll download a bunch glass. And then we'll download a bunch   glass. And then we'll download a bunch of these clips, and this is what makes of these clips, and this is what makes   of these clips, and this is what makes up the thing we send to our editor. So up the thing we send to our editor. So   up the thing we send to our editor. So there's five core roles, writer, there's five core roles, writer,   there's five core roles, writer, director, DP, animator, editor. You can director, DP, animator, editor. You can   director, DP, animator, editor. You can do all of them by yourself, but the do all of them by yourself, but the   do all of them by yourself, but the faster you're able to specialize in faster you're able to specialize in   faster you're able to specialize in what's your genius zone, a lot of times what's your genius zone, a lot of times   what's your genius zone, a lot of times it might just be sales or it might be it might just be sales or it might be   it might just be sales or it might be writing or it might be directing, you writing or it might be directing, you   writing or it might be directing, you know, but then you're able to work with know, but then you're able to work with   know, but then you're able to work with a lot of others also at variable rates. a lot of others also at variable rates.   a lot of others also at variable rates. And that's kind of how we are able to And that's kind of how we are able to   And that's kind of how we are able to work on a lot of productions at once. work on a lot of productions at once.   work on a lot of productions at once. Like to be honest, there's only like I Like to be honest, there's only like I   Like to be honest, there's only like I don't know less than 100 like all-around don't know less than 100 like all-around   don't know less than 100 like all-around AI artists in the world like myself that AI artists in the world like myself that   AI artists in the world like myself that can do like highlevel full ads, maybe can do like highlevel full ads, maybe   can do like highlevel full ads, maybe even less than 50. It's so much easier even less than 50. It's so much easier   even less than 50. It's so much easier for find a big talent pool of people to for find a big talent pool of people to   for find a big talent pool of people to work with if we're just looking for work with if we're just looking for   work with if we're just looking for directors. Additionally, additionally, directors. Additionally, additionally,   directors. Additionally, additionally, you don't even need AI native people. you don't even need AI native people.   you don't even need AI native people. So, you just need like uh writers don't So, you just need like uh writers don't   So, you just need like uh writers don't need to be AI native, directors don't need to be AI native, directors don't   need to be AI native, directors don't even need ABI AI native. You actually even need ABI AI native. You actually   even need ABI AI native. You actually just need the sort of AIDP that just need the sort of AIDP that   just need the sort of AIDP that generates all the images to be AI and generates all the images to be AI and   generates all the images to be AI and then also the animators and then the then also the animators and then the   then also the animators and then the editor doesn't. So, that's just kind of editor doesn't. So, that's just kind of   editor doesn't. So, that's just kind of breaks down the process real high level. breaks down the process real high level.   breaks down the process real high level. Could you actually Sorry, Alex, I have a Could you actually Sorry, Alex, I have a   Could you actually Sorry, Alex, I have a I have a quick followup and I'm seeing I have a quick followup and I'm seeing   I have a quick followup and I'm seeing some people ask, but can you go up two some people ask, but can you go up two   some people ask, but can you go up two sections here? sections here?   sections here? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes.   &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And then could you Yeah. Right there. &gt;&gt; And then could you Yeah. Right there.   &gt;&gt; And then could you Yeah. Right there. Could you zoom in here like on on this Could you zoom in here like on on this   Could you zoom in here like on on this or actually could you go down to the or actually could you go down to the   or actually could you go down to the Yeah, that section. Okay. So, these are Yeah, that section. Okay. So, these are   Yeah, that section. Okay. So, these are different characters, right? And but different characters, right? And but   different characters, right? And but like the cinematography is all pretty like the cinematography is all pretty   like the cinematography is all pretty consistent, but there's differences. How consistent, but there's differences. How   consistent, but there's differences. How are you at what stage do you have to are you at what stage do you have to   are you at what stage do you have to start paying attention to character start paying attention to character   start paying attention to character consistency and like visual consistency consistency and like visual consistency   consistency and like visual consistency and how do you prompt that? How do you and how do you prompt that? How do you   and how do you prompt that? How do you how do you enforce that? how do you enforce that?   how do you enforce that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a great question. So, once &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a great question. So, once   &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a great question. So, once we'll generate like a character in a we'll generate like a character in a   we'll generate like a character in a scene, it's like let's put this guy. So, scene, it's like let's put this guy. So,   scene, it's like let's put this guy. So, I've clicked on this image. We see here I've clicked on this image. We see here   I've clicked on this image. We see here that like it's kind of tagging him. that like it's kind of tagging him.   that like it's kind of tagging him. Let's put this guy in a different Let's put this guy in a different   Let's put this guy in a different environment environment   environment um where he's holding a door um where he's holding a door   um where he's holding a door braced up against it and a zombie is braced up against it and a zombie is   braced up against it and a zombie is trying to barge through on the other trying to barge through on the other   trying to barge through on the other side. Give me three versions of this. side. Give me three versions of this.   side. Give me three versions of this. And it should now basically take this And it should now basically take this   And it should now basically take this character and give me three versions um character and give me three versions um   character and give me three versions um on this. And it's very like chat on this. And it's very like chat   on this. And it's very like chat intuitive, which is why I like this tool intuitive, which is why I like this tool   intuitive, which is why I like this tool and try and share it with you guys more and try and share it with you guys more   and try and share it with you guys more than other things. Um, yeah. Yeah. But than other things. Um, yeah. Yeah. But   than other things. Um, yeah. Yeah. But that's how you get character consistency that's how you get character consistency   that's how you get character consistency and and just as this is generating and and just as this is generating   and and just as this is generating because I'm curious to see what the because I'm curious to see what the   because I'm curious to see what the character looks like in other scenes. character looks like in other scenes.   character looks like in other scenes. Uh, so in this process, you've basically Uh, so in this process, you've basically   Uh, so in this process, you've basically talked about these five different roles. talked about these five different roles.   talked about these five different roles. When you think about one, I'm curious When you think about one, I'm curious   When you think about one, I'm curious how long did it take beginning to end to how long did it take beginning to end to   how long did it take beginning to end to create this final product? How many create this final product? How many   create this final product? How many hours? uh how what was the cost and then hours? uh how what was the cost and then   hours? uh how what was the cost and then what basically which step in this what basically which step in this   what basically which step in this process do you think should take the process do you think should take the   process do you think should take the longest if any of them longest if any of them   longest if any of them &gt;&gt; some of these are dumb but you can kind &gt;&gt; some of these are dumb but you can kind   &gt;&gt; some of these are dumb but you can kind of get the gif you know you can then of get the gif you know you can then   of get the gif you know you can then prompt it like okay you know have the prompt it like okay you know have the   prompt it like okay you know have the arms just coming out from the cracks of arms just coming out from the cracks of   arms just coming out from the cracks of the door or have like a window where you the door or have like a window where you   the door or have like a window where you see the zombies face in here or make see the zombies face in here or make   see the zombies face in here or make sure that there's the thing here but sure that there's the thing here but   sure that there's the thing here but what you are seeing here is you are what you are seeing here is you are   what you are seeing here is you are seeing a consistent character from this seeing a consistent character from this   seeing a consistent character from this you know I think if we were prompting you know I think if we were prompting   you know I think if we were prompting with something a little more mundane with something a little more mundane   with something a little more mundane like show me the guy drinking coffee in like show me the guy drinking coffee in   like show me the guy drinking coffee in a coffee shop like yeah of course you a coffee shop like yeah of course you   a coffee shop like yeah of course you know with zombies it's kind of hard to know with zombies it's kind of hard to   know with zombies it's kind of hard to like uh specify this but it is keeping like uh specify this but it is keeping   like uh specify this but it is keeping all the details. Um anyway sorry what all the details. Um anyway sorry what   all the details. Um anyway sorry what what was your question real quick? what was your question real quick?   what was your question real quick? &gt;&gt; So the question was how long did this &gt;&gt; So the question was how long did this   &gt;&gt; So the question was how long did this take beginning to end? What was the cost take beginning to end? What was the cost   take beginning to end? What was the cost to make this thing if you feel to make this thing if you feel   to make this thing if you feel comfortable sharing it? And of all these comfortable sharing it? And of all these   comfortable sharing it? And of all these steps in the production process, so like steps in the production process, so like   steps in the production process, so like the original concepting, the scripting, the original concepting, the scripting,   the original concepting, the scripting, the text to image, the um image to the text to image, the um image to   the text to image, the um image to video, and then like the editing of the video, and then like the editing of the   video, and then like the editing of the final thing. Is there a step in this final thing. Is there a step in this   final thing. Is there a step in this process that you think uh deserves the process that you think uh deserves the   process that you think uh deserves the most time spent? most time spent?   most time spent? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a good question. Um I here's &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a good question. Um I here's   &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a good question. Um I here's here's kind of an overview of our our here's kind of an overview of our our   here's kind of an overview of our our process real quick. We are about a week process real quick. We are about a week   process real quick. We are about a week to go from zero concepts to three to go from zero concepts to three   to go from zero concepts to three concepts. like we'll have a sales call concepts. like we'll have a sales call   concepts. like we'll have a sales call with the brand, creative kickoff, and with the brand, creative kickoff, and   with the brand, creative kickoff, and then like do three concepts. We're about then like do three concepts. We're about   then like do three concepts. We're about a week then to dial in on the scripts a week then to dial in on the scripts   a week then to dial in on the scripts and go over our contract with them. It's and go over our contract with them. It's   and go over our contract with them. It's then we do a treatment phase where we then we do a treatment phase where we   then we do a treatment phase where we kind of create like a bunch of like mood kind of create like a bunch of like mood   kind of create like a bunch of like mood boards and stuff, other references. And boards and stuff, other references. And   boards and stuff, other references. And then it's a week after that to kind of then it's a week after that to kind of   then it's a week after that to kind of generate all the images and then it's a generate all the images and then it's a   generate all the images and then it's a week after that to get signoffs on all week after that to get signoffs on all   week after that to get signoffs on all the images and then animate all the the images and then animate all the   the images and then animate all the images and then it's a week after that images and then it's a week after that   images and then it's a week after that to do edits, week after that for to do edits, week after that for   to do edits, week after that for revision. So now most people that are revision. So now most people that are   revision. So now most people that are doing this, they're like they crank it doing this, they're like they crank it   doing this, they're like they crank it out in a week, but like kind of at this out in a week, but like kind of at this   out in a week, but like kind of at this highest level to work with Fortune 500 highest level to work with Fortune 500   highest level to work with Fortune 500 company brands, we found it's about two company brands, we found it's about two   company brands, we found it's about two months basically. It's like six six months basically. It's like six six   months basically. It's like six six weeks to 8 weeks on average. Um, and the weeks to 8 weeks on average. Um, and the   weeks to 8 weeks on average. Um, and the reason we do that is because a lot of reason we do that is because a lot of   reason we do that is because a lot of team members, a lot of revisions with team members, a lot of revisions with   team members, a lot of revisions with clients. So this won't be as common for clients. So this won't be as common for   clients. So this won't be as common for everyone. I think there's a lot of everyone. I think there's a lot of   everyone. I think there's a lot of people that can do a good ad in a week people that can do a good ad in a week   people that can do a good ad in a week or two weeks, but at this level, you've or two weeks, but at this level, you've   or two weeks, but at this level, you've got to really nitpick every single got to really nitpick every single   got to really nitpick every single frame. Uh, as far as costs go, I can't frame. Uh, as far as costs go, I can't   frame. Uh, as far as costs go, I can't share our cost because it always bites share our cost because it always bites   share our cost because it always bites us in the ass when we have like a sales us in the ass when we have like a sales   us in the ass when we have like a sales conversation like a month or two later conversation like a month or two later   conversation like a month or two later and like we've added twice the team and and like we've added twice the team and   and like we've added twice the team and it's kind of twice the cost. They're it's kind of twice the cost. They're   it's kind of twice the cost. They're like, well, in Alex's show, you guys like, well, in Alex's show, you guys   like, well, in Alex's show, you guys said you were this much. I will say said you were this much. I will say   said you were this much. I will say that, you know, on average AI that, you know, on average AI   that, you know, on average AI commercials are all going to be less commercials are all going to be less   commercials are all going to be less than 100 grand. they're going to be a than 100 grand. they're going to be a   than 100 grand. they're going to be a fraction of the cost that you know fraction of the cost that you know   fraction of the cost that you know traditional productions are. And when traditional productions are. And when   traditional productions are. And when most people start off, I don't know, most people start off, I don't know,   most people start off, I don't know, they might charge like five or 10 grand. they might charge like five or 10 grand.   they might charge like five or 10 grand. You know, we're we're always You know, we're we're always   You know, we're we're always positioning. You're either in a race to positioning. You're either in a race to   positioning. You're either in a race to the bottom as an AI agency or you're the bottom as an AI agency or you're   the bottom as an AI agency or you're going to try and go to the top and we're going to try and go to the top and we're   going to try and go to the top and we're just only focusing on the highest just only focusing on the highest   just only focusing on the highest possible brands because we don't want to possible brands because we don't want to   possible brands because we don't want to do a race to the bottom. And then the do a race to the bottom. And then the   do a race to the bottom. And then the last question here is like uh from the last question here is like uh from the   last question here is like uh from the perspective of uh folks that are perspective of uh folks that are   perspective of uh folks that are watching this whether they are marketers watching this whether they are marketers   watching this whether they are marketers that are thinking about how do they use that are thinking about how do they use   that are thinking about how do they use this process to create ad creative on this process to create ad creative on   this process to create ad creative on meta or whether it's founders or meta or whether it's founders or   meta or whether it's founders or marketers thinking about product launch marketers thinking about product launch   marketers thinking about product launch videos or kind of company coming out of videos or kind of company coming out of   videos or kind of company coming out of stealth and creating a video for for X stealth and creating a video for for X   stealth and creating a video for for X or wherever as they think about this or wherever as they think about this   or wherever as they think about this process. What step do you think is most process. What step do you think is most   process. What step do you think is most important or requires the most amount of important or requires the most amount of   important or requires the most amount of time to get this right? time to get this right?   time to get this right? Yeah, it's it's hard because on one hand Yeah, it's it's hard because on one hand   Yeah, it's it's hard because on one hand like scripts are always the most like scripts are always the most   like scripts are always the most important thing in any production. Like important thing in any production. Like   important thing in any production. Like getting a funny script, you know, so getting a funny script, you know, so   getting a funny script, you know, so maybe it's worth just like quickly maybe it's worth just like quickly   maybe it's worth just like quickly double tapping that like I think that double tapping that like I think that   double tapping that like I think that ads live or die in the first.5 seconds ads live or die in the first.5 seconds   ads live or die in the first.5 seconds in the same way that all content lives in the same way that all content lives   in the same way that all content lives or dies in the first.5 seconds. Like you or dies in the first.5 seconds. Like you   or dies in the first.5 seconds. Like you either hook people or you don't. And so, either hook people or you don't. And so,   either hook people or you don't. And so, you know, a lot of our ads historically you know, a lot of our ads historically   you know, a lot of our ads historically are like, you know, it opens like Jesus are like, you know, it opens like Jesus   are like, you know, it opens like Jesus on the cross saying like God is about to on the cross saying like God is about to   on the cross saying like God is about to be our and he's got a big smile on his be our and he's got a big smile on his   be our and he's got a big smile on his face and it's like what is this face and it's like what is this   face and it's like what is this blasphemous? I don't know. But I'm going blasphemous? I don't know. But I'm going   blasphemous? I don't know. But I'm going to watch the rest of it because this is to watch the rest of it because this is   to watch the rest of it because this is like crazy, you know. And the same we've like crazy, you know. And the same we've   like crazy, you know. And the same we've had bunch of other ads when we worked had bunch of other ads when we worked   had bunch of other ads when we worked with Popeye's, you know, we've got like with Popeye's, you know, we've got like   with Popeye's, you know, we've got like McDonald's in the clown suit and he's McDonald's in the clown suit and he's   McDonald's in the clown suit and he's like crying outside the Burger King or like crying outside the Burger King or   like crying outside the Burger King or the Popeye's window, you know, looking the Popeye's window, you know, looking   the Popeye's window, you know, looking in. And like we always try and have like in. And like we always try and have like   in. And like we always try and have like very strong opening image, you know, in very strong opening image, you know, in   very strong opening image, you know, in this case it's like zombies. But always this case it's like zombies. But always   this case it's like zombies. But always think, you know, just like what is the think, you know, just like what is the   think, you know, just like what is the viral hook? What stops the scroll is the viral hook? What stops the scroll is the   viral hook? What stops the scroll is the thing we tell our writers. And then how thing we tell our writers. And then how   thing we tell our writers. And then how within a few seconds do you start to within a few seconds do you start to   within a few seconds do you start to connect this concept to the brand? Um, connect this concept to the brand? Um,   connect this concept to the brand? Um, that's kind of the most important part that's kind of the most important part   that's kind of the most important part of the writing process. Now, what is the of the writing process. Now, what is the   of the writing process. Now, what is the most important proc part of all the most important proc part of all the   most important proc part of all the process? I would say the image process? I would say the image   process? I would say the image generations is going to be like the the generations is going to be like the the   generations is going to be like the the the longest that it takes. Like the longest that it takes. Like   the longest that it takes. Like animating these things is quick. You animating these things is quick. You   animating these things is quick. You know, you get a shot of the guy and you know, you get a shot of the guy and you   know, you get a shot of the guy and you just prompt him like the guy runs away just prompt him like the guy runs away   just prompt him like the guy runs away scared. Like it's not there's no scared. Like it's not there's no   scared. Like it's not there's no science. The editing also everyone can science. The editing also everyone can   science. The editing also everyone can find a great editor. So, so it really find a great editor. So, so it really   find a great editor. So, so it really does come down to can you find a great does come down to can you find a great   does come down to can you find a great concept that like can can stop attention concept that like can can stop attention   concept that like can can stop attention and then can you like with images make and then can you like with images make   and then can you like with images make it cinematic and I always say like work it cinematic and I always say like work   it cinematic and I always say like work with these models and just press it to with these models and just press it to   with these models and just press it to be more cinematic like no this is from a be more cinematic like no this is from a   be more cinematic like no this is from a movie. Technically I shouldn't tell movie. Technically I shouldn't tell   movie. Technically I shouldn't tell people like make this Quinton Tarantino people like make this Quinton Tarantino   people like make this Quinton Tarantino style cuz it you know then maybe it's style cuz it you know then maybe it's   style cuz it you know then maybe it's training on that but like you can be training on that but like you can be   training on that but like you can be very descriptive with like the cinematic very descriptive with like the cinematic   very descriptive with like the cinematic cameras and angles and it will make it cameras and angles and it will make it   cameras and angles and it will make it look photorealistic. look photorealistic.   look photorealistic. So, we have a question in the chat. Can So, we have a question in the chat. Can   So, we have a question in the chat. Can you make a 10-second ad for 10X right you make a 10-second ad for 10X right   you make a 10-second ad for 10X right now? And I think that Joseph Smith, who now? And I think that Joseph Smith, who   now? And I think that Joseph Smith, who asked this question, asked a a very good asked this question, asked a a very good   asked this question, asked a a very good question. Um, I don't want to throw us question. Um, I don't want to throw us   question. Um, I don't want to throw us off, but we have 20 minutes left. I do off, but we have 20 minutes left. I do   off, but we have 20 minutes left. I do think it'd be cool to try and do think it'd be cool to try and do   think it'd be cool to try and do something. Uh, of course, given that we something. Uh, of course, given that we   something. Uh, of course, given that we are are   are &gt;&gt; 10 on this on this timeline. I mean, &gt;&gt; 10 on this on this timeline. I mean,   &gt;&gt; 10 on this on this timeline. I mean, then I'm like, yeah, throw it in a Sora.       &gt;&gt; Well, actually, just a question on that. &gt;&gt; Well, actually, just a question on that.   &gt;&gt; Well, actually, just a question on that. Like are you using how do you think Like are you using how do you think   Like are you using how do you think about Sora in the context of V3 nano about Sora in the context of V3 nano   about Sora in the context of V3 nano banana like are you using Sora for the banana like are you using Sora for the   banana like are you using Sora for the work you're doing now? If not why not? work you're doing now? If not why not?   work you're doing now? If not why not? If so where in the process? If so where in the process?   If so where in the process? &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm.   &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So Sora is like this like &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So Sora is like this like   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So Sora is like this like 800 lb gorilla in the room kind of a 800 lb gorilla in the room kind of a   800 lb gorilla in the room kind of a thing where like it's like we're thing where like it's like we're   thing where like it's like we're disruptive to all the big agencies but disruptive to all the big agencies but   disruptive to all the big agencies but this is even disruptive to us because this is even disruptive to us because   this is even disruptive to us because with Sora you're doing like one prompt with Sora you're doing like one prompt   with Sora you're doing like one prompt and you're getting some of these really and you're getting some of these really   and you're getting some of these really insane viral videos. It's like here I insane viral videos. It's like here I   insane viral videos. It's like here I can show you guys just kind of um you can show you guys just kind of um you   can show you guys just kind of um you know like all these like cops chasing know like all these like cops chasing   know like all these like cops chasing viral things and like it's just crazy viral things and like it's just crazy   viral things and like it's just crazy the ways in which a single prompt can the ways in which a single prompt can   the ways in which a single prompt can just kind of just kind of   just kind of prompt insanity. Like I, you know, I I prompt insanity. Like I, you know, I I   prompt insanity. Like I, you know, I I like it's insane like how much this time like it's insane like how much this time   like it's insane like how much this time this would have taken us to like do a this would have taken us to like do a   this would have taken us to like do a hippo smashing through a store, you hippo smashing through a store, you   hippo smashing through a store, you know, and then like but what if you know know, and then like but what if you know   know, and then like but what if you know you have a convenience store and this is you have a convenience store and this is   you have a convenience store and this is your business like you could have like your business like you could have like   your business like you could have like mudang if mudang is like remember the mudang if mudang is like remember the   mudang if mudang is like remember the baby hippo of the week you know nowang baby hippo of the week you know nowang   baby hippo of the week you know nowang you can yeah never forget or that's you can yeah never forget or that's   you can yeah never forget or that's harambe but you know whatever like the harambe but you know whatever like the   harambe but you know whatever like the viral news of the week is like just have viral news of the week is like just have   viral news of the week is like just have that integrated into your business like that integrated into your business like   that integrated into your business like I think this is going to be the future I think this is going to be the future   I think this is going to be the future advertising in some ways where it's advertising in some ways where it's   advertising in some ways where it's like, you know, you're going to be able like, you know, you're going to be able   like, you know, you're going to be able to do really funny quick turnaround to do really funny quick turnaround   to do really funny quick turnaround videos and that's what Sora unlocks. videos and that's what Sora unlocks.   videos and that's what Sora unlocks. Now, the problem with Sora is that like Now, the problem with Sora is that like   Now, the problem with Sora is that like it's a ton of slot machine pulls like it's a ton of slot machine pulls like   it's a ton of slot machine pulls like for big brands, they're like not quite for big brands, they're like not quite   for big brands, they're like not quite sure on like can we use this, you know? sure on like can we use this, you know?   sure on like can we use this, you know? So, I I do think that there's going to So, I I do think that there's going to   So, I I do think that there's going to be a lot of evolution, but there's some be a lot of evolution, but there's some   be a lot of evolution, but there's some insanely funny stuff. I mean, you guys insanely funny stuff. I mean, you guys   insanely funny stuff. I mean, you guys have seen all the Sora videos. I don't have seen all the Sora videos. I don't   have seen all the Sora videos. I don't have to go through this. have to go through this.   have to go through this. &gt;&gt; Totally. So, okay. So, just to bring it &gt;&gt; Totally. So, okay. So, just to bring it   &gt;&gt; Totally. So, okay. So, just to bring it back to the process. So you've basically back to the process. So you've basically   back to the process. So you've basically gone through concepting, you've gone gone through concepting, you've gone   gone through concepting, you've gone through scripting, you've gone through, through scripting, you've gone through,   through scripting, you've gone through, you start with blank Figma board, you you start with blank Figma board, you   you start with blank Figma board, you then do uh text to image in was it then do uh text to image in was it   then do uh text to image in was it called Revel? called Revel?   called Revel? &gt;&gt; Rev rev &gt;&gt; Rev rev   &gt;&gt; Rev rev to basically go from text to image. You to basically go from text to image. You   to basically go from text to image. You generate uh a bunch of images. Then um generate uh a bunch of images. Then um   generate uh a bunch of images. Then um you basically pull your favorites into you basically pull your favorites into   you basically pull your favorites into the green zone uh that relate to kind of the green zone uh that relate to kind of   the green zone uh that relate to kind of the different scenes and shots. Uh once the different scenes and shots. Uh once   the different scenes and shots. Uh once the client has signed off on those the client has signed off on those   the client has signed off on those shots, then you go image to video using shots, then you go image to video using   shots, then you go image to video using uh V3 or Nano Banana, right? Um and and uh V3 or Nano Banana, right? Um and and   uh V3 or Nano Banana, right? Um and and so I guess take us through that part of so I guess take us through that part of   so I guess take us through that part of the process. Like I think where you were the process. Like I think where you were   the process. Like I think where you were is you started creating these scenes. is you started creating these scenes.   is you started creating these scenes. Where do you go from there to get to Where do you go from there to get to   Where do you go from there to get to finish commercial? finish commercial?   finish commercial? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um okay, so let's screen share &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um okay, so let's screen share   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um okay, so let's screen share again. Okay. Once we've basically gone again. Okay. Once we've basically gone   again. Okay. Once we've basically gone through all of the kind of shots and through all of the kind of shots and   through all of the kind of shots and we've laid out, okay, here's like the we've laid out, okay, here's like the   we've laid out, okay, here's like the big sequences that we want, we know we big sequences that we want, we know we   big sequences that we want, we know we want a close-up. A lot of this is like want a close-up. A lot of this is like   want a close-up. A lot of this is like characters talking. Like if I want, you characters talking. Like if I want, you   characters talking. Like if I want, you know, her talking, I'm going to know, her talking, I'm going to   know, her talking, I'm going to download, you know, the shot and then download, you know, the shot and then   download, you know, the shot and then I'm going to upload that image into I'm going to upload that image into   I'm going to upload that image into this. So like we could prompt him to this. So like we could prompt him to   this. So like we could prompt him to talk here. So I you just click um frames talk here. So I you just click um frames   talk here. So I you just click um frames to video. So this is all in labs uh to video. So this is all in labs uh   to video. So this is all in labs uh Google or Google Flow if you just Google Google or Google Flow if you just Google   Google or Google Flow if you just Google Google Flow. But basically we do frames Google Flow. But basically we do frames   Google Flow. But basically we do frames to video and then you're able to upload to video and then you're able to upload   to video and then you're able to upload this as the starting frame. I much you this as the starting frame. I much you   this as the starting frame. I much you know prefer that than doing all this in know prefer that than doing all this in   know prefer that than doing all this in like text to video here and it just like text to video here and it just   like text to video here and it just gives you the consistency where we know gives you the consistency where we know   gives you the consistency where we know again like you know what what everybody again like you know what what everybody   again like you know what what everybody looks like. Um, so then you're able to looks like. Um, so then you're able to   looks like. Um, so then you're able to say, you know, in this case I was saying say, you know, in this case I was saying   say, you know, in this case I was saying character bangs on the glass, but in character bangs on the glass, but in   character bangs on the glass, but in this one I can say, you know, like this one I can say, you know, like   this one I can say, you know, like zombie, zombie,   zombie, you know, says in a rough raspy voice, you know, says in a rough raspy voice,   you know, says in a rough raspy voice, you know, uh, show me your mileage logs you know, uh, show me your mileage logs   you know, uh, show me your mileage logs and, you know, like honestly that's and, you know, like honestly that's   and, you know, like honestly that's that's probably it. And then bangs on that's probably it. And then bangs on   that's probably it. And then bangs on the glass. Um, and then we want to make the glass. Um, and then we want to make   the glass. Um, and then we want to make sure we're on VO 3.1. Want to make sure sure we're on VO 3.1. Want to make sure   sure we're on VO 3.1. Want to make sure it's landscape. and we can do, you know, it's landscape. and we can do, you know,   it's landscape. and we can do, you know, a couple prompts perhaps. But the good a couple prompts perhaps. But the good   a couple prompts perhaps. But the good news with Google Ultra now is that like news with Google Ultra now is that like   news with Google Ultra now is that like it's unlimited as long as you're on fast it's unlimited as long as you're on fast   it's unlimited as long as you're on fast mode. And fast mode's like 99% uh or mode. And fast mode's like 99% uh or   mode. And fast mode's like 99% uh or like 90% of the quality of their their like 90% of the quality of their their   like 90% of the quality of their their other one, which is quality mode. So, so other one, which is quality mode. So, so   other one, which is quality mode. So, so basically like it's it's free to basically like it's it's free to   basically like it's it's free to generate a bunch and it's great. So, you generate a bunch and it's great. So, you   generate a bunch and it's great. So, you can do four at a time, but basically can do four at a time, but basically   can do four at a time, but basically that'll take about a minute, but as you that'll take about a minute, but as you   that'll take about a minute, but as you can see here, like you know, essentially can see here, like you know, essentially   can see here, like you know, essentially this was the zombie explodes uh this was the zombie explodes uh   this was the zombie explodes uh disappearing and all that's left is disappearing and all that's left is   disappearing and all that's left is scattered receipts and green glue that scattered receipts and green glue that   scattered receipts and green glue that flies everywhere. So, let's see what flies everywhere. So, let's see what   flies everywhere. So, let's see what this looks like. this looks like.   this looks like. [Laughter] [Laughter]   [Laughter] little slow motion. Very graphic. little slow motion. Very graphic.   little slow motion. Very graphic. &gt;&gt; That's like reminiscent of like uh &gt;&gt; That's like reminiscent of like uh   &gt;&gt; That's like reminiscent of like uh Nickelodeon like getting slimed. I love Nickelodeon like getting slimed. I love   Nickelodeon like getting slimed. I love that. that.   that. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. I I got that as a kid. Yeah, &gt;&gt; Oh my god. I I got that as a kid. Yeah,   &gt;&gt; Oh my god. I I got that as a kid. Yeah, it was an insane experience cuz I think it was an insane experience cuz I think   it was an insane experience cuz I think initially I was doing zombie explodes, initially I was doing zombie explodes,   initially I was doing zombie explodes, but he didn't actually explode. So, you but he didn't actually explode. So, you   but he didn't actually explode. So, you kind of got to like say, okay, like he kind of got to like say, okay, like he   kind of got to like say, okay, like he disappears as it explodes. And then you disappears as it explodes. And then you   disappears as it explodes. And then you might want to, you know, also say like might want to, you know, also say like   might want to, you know, also say like it's not slow motion. like quickly it's not slow motion. like quickly   it's not slow motion. like quickly explodes, he disappears and all that's explodes, he disappears and all that's   explodes, he disappears and all that's left is receipts. And then I would do left is receipts. And then I would do   left is receipts. And then I would do like a counter shot. So like what you like a counter shot. So like what you   like a counter shot. So like what you can also do is like uh with the counter can also do is like uh with the counter   can also do is like uh with the counter shot is you can like screenshot this or shot is you can like screenshot this or   shot is you can like screenshot this or go back to that image and then you can go back to that image and then you can   go back to that image and then you can kind of prompt in let's go back to here kind of prompt in let's go back to here   kind of prompt in let's go back to here you know basically the reverse shot of you know basically the reverse shot of   you know basically the reverse shot of that. So you can also upload shots into that. So you can also upload shots into   that. So you can also upload shots into Reeve. Um and you can basically you know Reeve. Um and you can basically you know   Reeve. Um and you can basically you know have here the reverse shot of here. So, have here the reverse shot of here. So,   have here the reverse shot of here. So, we got this uh let's show her face uh we got this uh let's show her face uh   we got this uh let's show her face uh covered in green goo um or something covered in green goo um or something   covered in green goo um or something like that. Or it can be even like pre like that. Or it can be even like pre   like that. Or it can be even like pre green glue. So, we can also just do green glue. So, we can also just do   green glue. So, we can also just do let's show a 180 reaction shot of her let's show a 180 reaction shot of her   let's show a 180 reaction shot of her horrified horrified   horrified something like that. And like volume is something like that. And like volume is   something like that. And like volume is always the game. So, you can also say always the game. So, you can also say   always the game. So, you can also say like give me four variations like give me four variations   like give me four variations um of the woman witnessing the scene or um of the woman witnessing the scene or   um of the woman witnessing the scene or something like that. something like that.   something like that. See? Anyway, See? Anyway,   See? Anyway, &gt;&gt; so modul as this as this generates &gt;&gt; so modul as this as this generates   &gt;&gt; so modul as this as this generates another question here. I guess it's another question here. I guess it's   another question here. I guess it's similar to my one about consistency of similar to my one about consistency of   similar to my one about consistency of images, but I guess it's this this images, but I guess it's this this   images, but I guess it's this this question is about consistency of the question is about consistency of the   question is about consistency of the actual video. So, as you're stitching actual video. So, as you're stitching   actual video. So, as you're stitching together these frames and it looks like together these frames and it looks like   together these frames and it looks like V3 basically creates 8second frames. How V3 basically creates 8second frames. How   V3 basically creates 8second frames. How are you ensuring that like there's a are you ensuring that like there's a   are you ensuring that like there's a smoothness from frame to frame and it smoothness from frame to frame and it   smoothness from frame to frame and it doesn't feel jarring because because V3 doesn't feel jarring because because V3   doesn't feel jarring because because V3 is only creating these short frames? is only creating these short frames?   is only creating these short frames? like how do you ensure like continuity like how do you ensure like continuity   like how do you ensure like continuity and smoothness in the story? and smoothness in the story?   and smoothness in the story? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, that's a that's a great &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, that's a that's a great   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, that's a that's a great question. Um, so you're you're able to question. Um, so you're you're able to   question. Um, so you're you're able to do just short shots. So like if we go on do just short shots. So like if we go on   do just short shots. So like if we go on here, you know, uh, we had a guy I'm here, you know, uh, we had a guy I'm   here, you know, uh, we had a guy I'm sorry, we had a guy where he was sorry, we had a guy where he was   sorry, we had a guy where he was running. running.   running. So he's running here. We can see like in So he's running here. We can see like in   So he's running here. We can see like in Reeve, you're actually able to use Reeve, you're actually able to use   Reeve, you're actually able to use Google 3.1. Um, and we had him running. Google 3.1. Um, and we had him running.   Google 3.1. Um, and we had him running. Now he looks stupid when he runs like Now he looks stupid when he runs like   Now he looks stupid when he runs like here and then he turns around. But here and then he turns around. But   here and then he turns around. But actually this moment from that screen to actually this moment from that screen to   actually this moment from that screen to like here is is pretty good. And also if like here is is pretty good. And also if   like here is is pretty good. And also if we look at the original ad like the ad we look at the original ad like the ad   we look at the original ad like the ad is very choppy and chaotic for the the is very choppy and chaotic for the the   is very choppy and chaotic for the the reason that like none of these reason that like none of these   reason that like none of these environments are necessarily consistent. environments are necessarily consistent.   environments are necessarily consistent. Like technically the I don't know the Like technically the I don't know the   Like technically the I don't know the blue lighting on there is like a little blue lighting on there is like a little   blue lighting on there is like a little different than the blue lighting on different than the blue lighting on   different than the blue lighting on here. But like if everything's kind of here. But like if everything's kind of   here. But like if everything's kind of similar and that like nobody really similar and that like nobody really   similar and that like nobody really notices quite the lack of consistenc notices quite the lack of consistenc   notices quite the lack of consistenc like spatial consistency. I do think as like spatial consistency. I do think as   like spatial consistency. I do think as the models get better too, we'll be able the models get better too, we'll be able   the models get better too, we'll be able to have like a 3D world in which you can to have like a 3D world in which you can   to have like a 3D world in which you can move the camera. But on the basis like move the camera. But on the basis like   move the camera. But on the basis like pretty much everything is just like pretty much everything is just like   pretty much everything is just like similar prompting like you guys saw like similar prompting like you guys saw like   similar prompting like you guys saw like the light is always has like dusky blue the light is always has like dusky blue   the light is always has like dusky blue lighting in the background, brick walls lighting in the background, brick walls   lighting in the background, brick walls in the background and then we just do a in the background and then we just do a   in the background and then we just do a lot of character close-ups and that show lot of character close-ups and that show   lot of character close-ups and that show like mitigates a lot of this continuity like mitigates a lot of this continuity   like mitigates a lot of this continuity and like the differences scenes and like the differences scenes   and like the differences scenes &gt;&gt; and and so just a as an example here &gt;&gt; and and so just a as an example here   &gt;&gt; and and so just a as an example here because I'm curious how you prompt this because I'm curious how you prompt this   because I'm curious how you prompt this uh like let's just say um even the uh like let's just say um even the   uh like let's just say um even the example you were using before of the fit example you were using before of the fit   example you were using before of the fit the thing exploding, the the zombie the thing exploding, the the zombie   the thing exploding, the the zombie exploding and the woman looking at the exploding and the woman looking at the   exploding and the woman looking at the zombie exploding. And let's just say you zombie exploding. And let's just say you   zombie exploding. And let's just say you wanted that scene to continue where that wanted that scene to continue where that   wanted that scene to continue where that woman say turned and started running woman say turned and started running   woman say turned and started running away. And how would you basically prompt away. And how would you basically prompt   away. And how would you basically prompt it with the final image from that it with the final image from that   it with the final image from that previous frame of her getting like previous frame of her getting like   previous frame of her getting like exploded on and you use that to then ask exploded on and you use that to then ask   exploded on and you use that to then ask it for her to run? Is that how you would it for her to run? Is that how you would   it for her to run? Is that how you would do it? do it?   do it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, that's exactly it. So, we &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, that's exactly it. So, we   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, that's exactly it. So, we could do like a screenshot here and then could do like a screenshot here and then   could do like a screenshot here and then upload that screenshot into upload that screenshot into   upload that screenshot into VO3 and say now the character runs. And VO3 and say now the character runs. And   VO3 and say now the character runs. And so, we've kind of got this extension of so, we've kind of got this extension of   so, we've kind of got this extension of this shot where he gets he gets splashed this shot where he gets he gets splashed   this shot where he gets he gets splashed and then he starts to run away. But a and then he starts to run away. But a   and then he starts to run away. But a lot of times too, just changing the the lot of times too, just changing the the   lot of times too, just changing the the the like if from like a wide to like the like if from like a wide to like   the like if from like a wide to like like this guy's face is actually a like this guy's face is actually a   like this guy's face is actually a little different from this guy's face at little different from this guy's face at   little different from this guy's face at some level, but you don't really notice some level, but you don't really notice   some level, but you don't really notice because it's like a wide shot. And then because it's like a wide shot. And then   because it's like a wide shot. And then we just do this punch in. What you can we just do this punch in. What you can   we just do this punch in. What you can also do in V3 is you can say like cut to also do in V3 is you can say like cut to   also do in V3 is you can say like cut to a close-up. So like I think this was our a close-up. So like I think this was our   a close-up. So like I think this was our wide shot and we prompted something like wide shot and we prompted something like   wide shot and we prompted something like you know head explodes in green spray you know head explodes in green spray   you know head explodes in green spray and then we said clo cut to closeup. So and then we said clo cut to closeup. So   and then we said clo cut to closeup. So this is actually one VO3 shot. So you this is actually one VO3 shot. So you   this is actually one VO3 shot. So you can prompt V3 to kind of have multiple can prompt V3 to kind of have multiple   can prompt V3 to kind of have multiple angles of coverage across those 8 angles of coverage across those 8   angles of coverage across those 8 seconds and that helps character seconds and that helps character   seconds and that helps character consistency a lot too. consistency a lot too.   consistency a lot too. So, we're getting a few questions around So, we're getting a few questions around   So, we're getting a few questions around like are like is the the comedy is the like are like is the the comedy is the   like are like is the the comedy is the punchiness of the ads is that a feature punchiness of the ads is that a feature   punchiness of the ads is that a feature or is that like a constraint of the or is that like a constraint of the   or is that like a constraint of the current technology? It sounds like it's current technology? It sounds like it's   current technology? It sounds like it's it sounds like it it's kind of both like it sounds like it it's kind of both like   it sounds like it it's kind of both like like the technology lends itself better like the technology lends itself better   like the technology lends itself better to short punchy scenes that are strung to short punchy scenes that are strung   to short punchy scenes that are strung together in this way. Um, is that true? together in this way. Um, is that true?   together in this way. Um, is that true? And then the other thing that I'm And then the other thing that I'm   And then the other thing that I'm hearing a lot of people in the chat talk hearing a lot of people in the chat talk   hearing a lot of people in the chat talk about is like about is like   about is like almost skepticism of like, okay, so almost skepticism of like, okay, so   almost skepticism of like, okay, so you're like, this seems like a pretty you're like, this seems like a pretty   you're like, this seems like a pretty simple process. I just kind of go and simple process. I just kind of go and   simple process. I just kind of go and chat GBT. I create a script. I do this. chat GBT. I create a script. I do this.   chat GBT. I create a script. I do this. I do that. And then I just have like a I do that. And then I just have like a   I do that. And then I just have like a million-doll ad. Um, what I'm sensing is million-doll ad. Um, what I'm sensing is   million-doll ad. Um, what I'm sensing is that actually, yes, the process might be that actually, yes, the process might be   that actually, yes, the process might be simple, but you're prompting everything simple, but you're prompting everything   simple, but you're prompting everything like a thousand times, and it's the like a thousand times, and it's the   like a thousand times, and it's the iteration that's actually the valuable iteration that's actually the valuable   iteration that's actually the valuable part. Is that true? part. Is that true?   part. Is that true? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's exactly true. Like I, you &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's exactly true. Like I, you   &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's exactly true. Like I, you know, I don't I don't want to say you know, I don't I don't want to say you   know, I don't I don't want to say you have to be a filmmaker to do this, but have to be a filmmaker to do this, but   have to be a filmmaker to do this, but if you're a filmmaker, like, you just if you're a filmmaker, like, you just   if you're a filmmaker, like, you just kind of understand like the pacing and kind of understand like the pacing and   kind of understand like the pacing and everything to really understand how to everything to really understand how to   everything to really understand how to put a lot of these stories together. So, put a lot of these stories together. So,   put a lot of these stories together. So, I don't want to geek like, oh, this is I don't want to geek like, oh, this is   I don't want to geek like, oh, this is only for people who have been doing this only for people who have been doing this   only for people who have been doing this for like 10 years. Sure, it's a lot for like 10 years. Sure, it's a lot   for like 10 years. Sure, it's a lot easier for us. It's like, I don't know, easier for us. It's like, I don't know,   easier for us. It's like, I don't know, picking up like uh a ukulele if you've picking up like uh a ukulele if you've   picking up like uh a ukulele if you've been playing guitar, you know, it's like been playing guitar, you know, it's like   been playing guitar, you know, it's like a little more simple, but you understand a little more simple, but you understand   a little more simple, but you understand like the basics. But I will say that like the basics. But I will say that   like the basics. But I will say that like so here's another here's another ad like so here's another here's another ad   like so here's another here's another ad that we did for David Beckham's company that we did for David Beckham's company   that we did for David Beckham's company directed by Theo, one of our directors directed by Theo, one of our directors   directed by Theo, one of our directors and this got 230 million views and it's and this got 230 million views and it's   and this got 230 million views and it's not funny at all. Like in fact it's it's not funny at all. Like in fact it's it's   not funny at all. Like in fact it's it's kind of serious. It's for like a it's kind of serious. It's for like a it's   kind of serious. It's for like a it's like a athletic greens competitor. And like a athletic greens competitor. And   like a athletic greens competitor. And we even got to deep fake uh Arena uh we even got to deep fake uh Arena uh   we even got to deep fake uh Arena uh who's the number one tennis player in who's the number one tennis player in   who's the number one tennis player in the world. And so it's like really crazy the world. And so it's like really crazy   the world. And so it's like really crazy commercial where it was like, you know, commercial where it was like, you know,   commercial where it was like, you know, essentially we took an image of her and essentially we took an image of her and   essentially we took an image of her and then we had the model like, okay, put a then we had the model like, okay, put a   then we had the model like, okay, put a drink in her hand, you know, now add, drink in her hand, you know, now add,   drink in her hand, you know, now add, you know, like red liquid to the drink you know, like red liquid to the drink   you know, like red liquid to the drink and like have her drink it. And then we and like have her drink it. And then we   and like have her drink it. And then we also took um images of the uh you know, also took um images of the uh you know,   also took um images of the uh you know, the kind of product and we had it put it the kind of product and we had it put it   the kind of product and we had it put it like in this, you know. So we like like in this, you know. So we like   like in this, you know. So we like uploaded a reference image of this and uploaded a reference image of this and   uploaded a reference image of this and then we said, "Okay, put this like a then we said, "Okay, put this like a   then we said, "Okay, put this like a whiskey glass with red liquid and put it whiskey glass with red liquid and put it   whiskey glass with red liquid and put it on this kind of background." So a lot of on this kind of background." So a lot of   on this kind of background." So a lot of this is like serious. This is more a this is like serious. This is more a   this is like serious. This is more a little more epic. We had this like little more epic. We had this like   little more epic. We had this like really cool attention hooking intro really cool attention hooking intro   really cool attention hooking intro where I said like okay take their logo where I said like okay take their logo   where I said like okay take their logo which is like a pentagram or whatever which is like a pentagram or whatever   which is like a pentagram or whatever like this or a whatever it is and then like this or a whatever it is and then   like this or a whatever it is and then make it transition into the body's make it transition into the body's   make it transition into the body's circulatory system and then we did like circulatory system and then we did like   circulatory system and then we did like fast editing techniques where we had fast editing techniques where we had   fast editing techniques where we had like little teaser of like what you see like little teaser of like what you see   like little teaser of like what you see in the rest of the commercial and then in the rest of the commercial and then   in the rest of the commercial and then have red cars and then have you know have red cars and then have you know   have red cars and then have you know arena and this is like this was actually arena and this is like this was actually   arena and this is like this was actually the Matrix like choice where he offers the Matrix like choice where he offers   the Matrix like choice where he offers her that I was saying earlier where he her that I was saying earlier where he   her that I was saying earlier where he kind of offers are like and one hand is kind of offers are like and one hand is   kind of offers are like and one hand is the is this and the other hand's the the is this and the other hand's the   the is this and the other hand's the competitor. competitor.   competitor. &gt;&gt; Um I have two more two questions and I &gt;&gt; Um I have two more two questions and I   &gt;&gt; Um I have two more two questions and I want to hit on one for sure because want to hit on one for sure because   want to hit on one for sure because we're almost out of time. One question we're almost out of time. One question   we're almost out of time. One question here is for Sabalinka. First of all, was here is for Sabalinka. First of all, was   here is for Sabalinka. First of all, was that the AI version of her or was that that the AI version of her or was that   that the AI version of her or was that her? her?   her? Uh, I believe I believe this was an AI Uh, I believe I believe this was an AI   Uh, I believe I believe this was an AI image. Like I think we just took another image. Like I think we just took another   image. Like I think we just took another one of her images from like a you know one of her images from like a you know   one of her images from like a you know press shoot or something like that and press shoot or something like that and   press shoot or something like that and then we're able to kind of animate her then we're able to kind of animate her   then we're able to kind of animate her with AI. with AI.   with AI. &gt;&gt; Got it. And and so just from a legality &gt;&gt; Got it. And and so just from a legality   &gt;&gt; Got it. And and so just from a legality perspective, you basically you just have perspective, you basically you just have   perspective, you basically you just have to get sign off from Exactly. to get sign off from Exactly.   to get sign off from Exactly. &gt;&gt; Celebrity. &gt;&gt; Celebrity.   &gt;&gt; Celebrity. &gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. Exactly. And the good news is &gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. Exactly. And the good news is   &gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. Exactly. And the good news is she's a she's a brand ambassador for she's a she's a brand ambassador for   she's a she's a brand ambassador for them. So we just worked with her and the them. So we just worked with her and the   them. So we just worked with her and the team of like, hey, does this you know, team of like, hey, does this you know,   team of like, hey, does this you know, we sent her the image. Does this image we sent her the image. Does this image   we sent her the image. Does this image work for you? And then we sent her the work for you? And then we sent her the   work for you? And then we sent her the animation. and we said, "Does this work animation. and we said, "Does this work   animation. and we said, "Does this work for you?" And she said, "Yes, on both." for you?" And she said, "Yes, on both."   for you?" And she said, "Yes, on both." And then then we actually, you can't And then then we actually, you can't   And then then we actually, you can't hear it, but we have her voice that we hear it, but we have her voice that we   hear it, but we have her voice that we cloned her voice in 11 Labs and she cloned her voice in 11 Labs and she   cloned her voice in 11 Labs and she says, "The best, choose the best." says, "The best, choose the best."   says, "The best, choose the best." &gt;&gt; Yep. So, the the final piece of this &gt;&gt; Yep. So, the the final piece of this   &gt;&gt; Yep. So, the the final piece of this that I want to hit on is the actual that I want to hit on is the actual   that I want to hit on is the actual audio for the ramp commercial. How are audio for the ramp commercial. How are   audio for the ramp commercial. How are you what are you using to generate the you what are you using to generate the   you what are you using to generate the audio? How are you making sure that audio? How are you making sure that   audio? How are you making sure that there's audio consistency? And also, there's audio consistency? And also,   there's audio consistency? And also, what are you doing to make sure that what are you doing to make sure that   what are you doing to make sure that like the lip syncing is is good? because like the lip syncing is is good? because   like the lip syncing is is good? because I feel like that's always one of the I feel like that's always one of the   I feel like that's always one of the challenges with AI voice is like the challenges with AI voice is like the   challenges with AI voice is like the actual facial mannerisms and the audio actual facial mannerisms and the audio   actual facial mannerisms and the audio coming out don't match up. coming out don't match up.   coming out don't match up. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, that's a great that's a &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, that's a great that's a   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, that's a great that's a great question. So, you guys can't hear great question. So, you guys can't hear   great question. So, you guys can't hear it, but he's basically saying I'll lip-s it, but he's basically saying I'll lip-s   it, but he's basically saying I'll lip-s sync it. Show me your mileage logs. sync it. Show me your mileage logs.   sync it. Show me your mileage logs. And so, like the lipsync's coming And so, like the lipsync's coming   And so, like the lipsync's coming through pretty good. Show me your through pretty good. Show me your   through pretty good. Show me your mileage logs. Um, and I'm I'm pretty mileage logs. Um, and I'm I'm pretty   mileage logs. Um, and I'm I'm pretty impressed overall with VOS. The the only impressed overall with VOS. The the only   impressed overall with VOS. The the only problem I've been having with VO's lips problem I've been having with VO's lips   problem I've been having with VO's lips sync is that it uh it sometimes sounds sync is that it uh it sometimes sounds   sync is that it uh it sometimes sounds tiny. Like there's like an AI kind of tiny. Like there's like an AI kind of   tiny. Like there's like an AI kind of like thinness to the EQ spectrum that like thinness to the EQ spectrum that   like thinness to the EQ spectrum that like is iconic. So a lot of times what like is iconic. So a lot of times what   like is iconic. So a lot of times what we'll do is we'll do what I just did a we'll do is we'll do what I just did a   we'll do is we'll do what I just did a second ago which is we'll lip sync it. second ago which is we'll lip sync it.   second ago which is we'll lip sync it. So we'll have our own internal team So we'll have our own internal team   So we'll have our own internal team directors etc myself and then we'll just directors etc myself and then we'll just   directors etc myself and then we'll just lip sync to it and um it adds sound. So, lip sync to it and um it adds sound. So,   lip sync to it and um it adds sound. So, a lot of times you can then just layer a lot of times you can then just layer   a lot of times you can then just layer on like some office sound, like the on like some office sound, like the   on like some office sound, like the sound of like glass smashing, but like sound of like glass smashing, but like   sound of like glass smashing, but like nine times out of 10, like we we don't nine times out of 10, like we we don't   nine times out of 10, like we we don't we don't do a lot of dubbing. Like we we don't do a lot of dubbing. Like we   we don't do a lot of dubbing. Like we like the AI performances and VO3 always like the AI performances and VO3 always   like the AI performances and VO3 always generates sound for everything they they generates sound for everything they they   generates sound for everything they they do.       &gt;&gt; Awesome. And then I think um one other &gt;&gt; Awesome. And then I think um one other   &gt;&gt; Awesome. And then I think um one other question from Emily on this this point question from Emily on this this point   question from Emily on this this point around audio is how do you keep around audio is how do you keep   around audio is how do you keep consistency across the whole commercial? consistency across the whole commercial?   consistency across the whole commercial? So, like if that zombie, whether you So, like if that zombie, whether you   So, like if that zombie, whether you used V3's voice or you did dubbing over used V3's voice or you did dubbing over   used V3's voice or you did dubbing over it, how are you making sure if that it, how are you making sure if that   it, how are you making sure if that zombie was talking for the next 20 zombie was talking for the next 20   zombie was talking for the next 20 seconds, but there were multiple frames, seconds, but there were multiple frames,   seconds, but there were multiple frames, how are you keeping the same audio? how are you keeping the same audio?   how are you keeping the same audio? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, that's a that's a great &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, that's a that's a great   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, that's a that's a great question. Um, so you can prompt it in a question. Um, so you can prompt it in a   question. Um, so you can prompt it in a similar way. Like you can you can similar way. Like you can you can   similar way. Like you can you can basically I think there's this thing basically I think there's this thing   basically I think there's this thing where you add a scene where you add a scene   where you add a scene and then I think we can basically just and then I think we can basically just   and then I think we can basically just continue to prompt this in a sequence. continue to prompt this in a sequence.   continue to prompt this in a sequence. So we can just have all of his character So we can just have all of his character   So we can just have all of his character lines if he's there and then we would lines if he's there and then we would   lines if he's there and then we would just say like okay now now make him say just say like okay now now make him say   just say like okay now now make him say and like or like in a raspy and horse and like or like in a raspy and horse   and like or like in a raspy and horse zombie voice you know and if as long as zombie voice you know and if as long as   zombie voice you know and if as long as you prompt it with kind of similar you prompt it with kind of similar   you prompt it with kind of similar modifiers like if this was like a girl modifiers like if this was like a girl   modifiers like if this was like a girl like a Midwest girl in her 20s uh says like a Midwest girl in her 20s uh says   like a Midwest girl in her 20s uh says or something like that like uh American or something like that like uh American   or something like that like uh American dad and is a lot of times like the more dad and is a lot of times like the more   dad and is a lot of times like the more descriptive you are with it the more descriptive you are with it the more   descriptive you are with it the more isolate it to a specific voice profile. isolate it to a specific voice profile.   isolate it to a specific voice profile. Um, and then on top of that, if you Um, and then on top of that, if you   Um, and then on top of that, if you really need 100% voice consistency, just really need 100% voice consistency, just   really need 100% voice consistency, just do the dubbing, like have one of your do the dubbing, like have one of your   do the dubbing, like have one of your characters and then you can go in 11 characters and then you can go in 11   characters and then you can go in 11 Labs and you can essentially do a what's Labs and you can essentially do a what's   Labs and you can essentially do a what's called a voice changer. So, it'll change called a voice changer. So, it'll change   called a voice changer. So, it'll change your voice to uh, you know, a zombie your voice to uh, you know, a zombie   your voice to uh, you know, a zombie voice or to like the the girl's voice or voice or to like the the girl's voice or   voice or to like the the girl's voice or something like that. And then you'll use something like that. And then you'll use   something like that. And then you'll use your dubbed syncing of it with the voice your dubbed syncing of it with the voice   your dubbed syncing of it with the voice changer's new voice for it. And that's changer's new voice for it. And that's   changer's new voice for it. And that's how you can do voices for everything. how you can do voices for everything.   how you can do voices for everything. Amazing. So, just to wrap things up, uh Amazing. So, just to wrap things up, uh   Amazing. So, just to wrap things up, uh the you know, we've gone through the the you know, we've gone through the   the you know, we've gone through the process from basically the concepts, process from basically the concepts,   process from basically the concepts, concept selected, concept plus prompt concept selected, concept plus prompt   concept selected, concept plus prompt gets you to script with kind of shots, gets you to script with kind of shots,   gets you to script with kind of shots, beats. What was the third thing you beats. What was the third thing you   beats. What was the third thing you said? You always said it was shot, beat, said? You always said it was shot, beat,   said? You always said it was shot, beat, and what was the third? and what was the third?   and what was the third? &gt;&gt; Uh concepts goes to scripts goes to, we &gt;&gt; Uh concepts goes to scripts goes to, we   &gt;&gt; Uh concepts goes to scripts goes to, we call it a treatment. We didn't cover it call it a treatment. We didn't cover it   call it a treatment. We didn't cover it today. It's fine, but basically it's today. It's fine, but basically it's   today. It's fine, but basically it's image board, storyboarding. We then image board, storyboarding. We then   image board, storyboarding. We then animate all of the images and then we animate all of the images and then we   animate all of the images and then we edit them. edit them.   edit them. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Um, and then you talked through &gt;&gt; Awesome. Um, and then you talked through   &gt;&gt; Awesome. Um, and then you talked through how voice is done. You could do it in 11 how voice is done. You could do it in 11   how voice is done. You could do it in 11 Labs or you could do it in V3. And just Labs or you could do it in V3. And just   Labs or you could do it in V3. And just the the final piece here is the stack the the final piece here is the stack   the the final piece here is the stack the stack of all the tools you used. You the stack of all the tools you used. You   the stack of all the tools you used. You use chat GBT for the scripting and even use chat GBT for the scripting and even   use chat GBT for the scripting and even for helping on the concepting. You use for helping on the concepting. You use   for helping on the concepting. You use Figma for the storyboarding. You used um Figma for the storyboarding. You used um   Figma for the storyboarding. You used um Rev for uh the text to image uh to add Rev for uh the text to image uh to add   Rev for uh the text to image uh to add to the storyboard. Once you uh had the to the storyboard. Once you uh had the   to the storyboard. Once you uh had the images, you put that into V3 or Nano images, you put that into V3 or Nano   images, you put that into V3 or Nano Banana for uh image to video. And then Banana for uh image to video. And then   Banana for uh image to video. And then what are you are you editing in um what are you are you editing in um   what are you are you editing in um Premiere? Premiere?   Premiere? &gt;&gt; It doesn't matter. Most people edit in &gt;&gt; It doesn't matter. Most people edit in   &gt;&gt; It doesn't matter. Most people edit in Cap Cut cuz it's free. Uh there's Cap Cut cuz it's free. Uh there's   Cap Cut cuz it's free. Uh there's another one called Da Vinci Pro that's another one called Da Vinci Pro that's   another one called Da Vinci Pro that's also free. And then a lot of people uh also free. And then a lot of people uh   also free. And then a lot of people uh edit in Premiere because that's the edit in Premiere because that's the   edit in Premiere because that's the stand, but to be honest, doesn't doesn't stand, but to be honest, doesn't doesn't   stand, but to be honest, doesn't doesn't matter. And then finally, I did PJA and matter. And then finally, I did PJA and   matter. And then finally, I did PJA and Jake Paul are missionaries going door to Jake Paul are missionaries going door to   Jake Paul are missionaries going door to door with the white button. I'm sure door with the white button. I'm sure   door with the white button. I'm sure it's preaching the gospel of 10x. it's preaching the gospel of 10x.   it's preaching the gospel of 10x. &gt;&gt; What what a what a great way to end the &gt;&gt; What what a what a great way to end the   &gt;&gt; What what a what a great way to end the event. PJ, event. PJ,   event. PJ, thank you so much for the time and thank you so much for the time and   thank you so much for the time and walking us through uh your playbook. walking us through uh your playbook.   walking us through uh your playbook. This has been awesome. This has been awesome.   This has been awesome. &gt;&gt; Thank you guys. &gt;&gt; Thank you guys.   &gt;&gt; Thank you guys. &gt;&gt; Appreciate you, man. Thank you everyone &gt;&gt; Appreciate you, man. Thank you everyone   &gt;&gt; Appreciate you, man. Thank you everyone for joining. for joining.   for joining. Wetter.