Folks that write this [music] stuff off Folks that write this [music] stuff off   Folks that write this [music] stuff off are not going to survive. And I think are not going to survive. And I think   are not going to survive. And I think the truth is the smart people who are the truth is the smart people who are   the truth is the smart people who are mentally [music] elastic, no matter what mentally [music] elastic, no matter what   mentally [music] elastic, no matter what age they are, understand this is a new age they are, understand this is a new   age they are, understand this is a new paradigm, y'all. Everybody get [music] paradigm, y'all. Everybody get [music]   paradigm, y'all. Everybody get [music] your hands dirty. Grab an agent, build your hands dirty. Grab an agent, build   your hands dirty. Grab an agent, build something, bang your head against the something, bang your head against the   something, bang your head against the wall, and then [music] enter the future.       What's up everyone? Welcome back to What's up everyone? Welcome back to   What's up everyone? Welcome back to another episode of Human in the Loop, another episode of Human in the Loop,   another episode of Human in the Loop, the most actionable AI show on the the most actionable AI show on the   the most actionable AI show on the internet. I'm one of your co-hosts, Alex internet. I'm one of your co-hosts, Alex   internet. I'm one of your co-hosts, Alex Lieberman, managing partner and Lieberman, managing partner and   Lieberman, managing partner and co-founder of 10X. And I'm joined as co-founder of 10X. And I'm joined as   co-founder of 10X. And I'm joined as always by my co-founder, Arman Hezarani. always by my co-founder, Arman Hezarani.   always by my co-founder, Arman Hezarani. And we are so excited for today's And we are so excited for today's   And we are so excited for today's episode with Ryan Carson. Ryan is a episode with Ryan Carson. Ryan is a   episode with Ryan Carson. Ryan is a legend. He is a five-time founder. He is legend. He is a five-time founder. He is   legend. He is a five-time founder. He is a builder and residence at AMP. And he's a builder and residence at AMP. And he's   a builder and residence at AMP. And he's going to show us today what it truly going to show us today what it truly   going to show us today what it truly means to be an AI engineer. If you know means to be an AI engineer. If you know   means to be an AI engineer. If you know this show, you know I am not the this show, you know I am not the   this show, you know I am not the engineer. My co-founder Arman, aside engineer. My co-founder Arman, aside   engineer. My co-founder Arman, aside from his good looks, is also a great from his good looks, is also a great   from his good looks, is also a great engineer. And so Arman is going to be engineer. And so Arman is going to be   engineer. And so Arman is going to be steering the show. I'm going to be here steering the show. I'm going to be here   steering the show. I'm going to be here trying to ask somewhat intelligent trying to ask somewhat intelligent   trying to ask somewhat intelligent questions as a non-technical and this is questions as a non-technical and this is   questions as a non-technical and this is going to be incredible. Uh Ryan, before going to be incredible. Uh Ryan, before   going to be incredible. Uh Ryan, before we hop into it, what can people expect we hop into it, what can people expect   we hop into it, what can people expect to get from this show if they watch to to get from this show if they watch to   to get from this show if they watch to the end? the end?   the end? &gt;&gt; So the goal is to build real stuff and &gt;&gt; So the goal is to build real stuff and   &gt;&gt; So the goal is to build real stuff and and cut out the fluff, right? You know, and cut out the fluff, right? You know,   and cut out the fluff, right? You know, this is going to be real world. I'm this is going to be real world. I'm   this is going to be real world. I'm going to lally ship a real feature. Uh going to lally ship a real feature. Uh   going to lally ship a real feature. Uh probably things will go wrong, so expect probably things will go wrong, so expect   probably things will go wrong, so expect real world stuff. real world stuff.   real world stuff. &gt;&gt; Love it. Let's do it. Arman, the keys &gt;&gt; Love it. Let's do it. Arman, the keys   &gt;&gt; Love it. Let's do it. Arman, the keys are yours. are yours.   are yours. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Okay. So, Ryan, why don't you &gt;&gt; Awesome. Okay. So, Ryan, why don't you   &gt;&gt; Awesome. Okay. So, Ryan, why don't you give us an overview of like the current give us an overview of like the current   give us an overview of like the current codebase? Like just set the stage with codebase? Like just set the stage with   codebase? Like just set the stage with what you're trying to build. Um, and what you're trying to build. Um, and   what you're trying to build. Um, and then I'd love to understand like what is then I'd love to understand like what is   then I'd love to understand like what is the goal? Like what is the feature that the goal? Like what is the feature that   the goal? Like what is the feature that we're going to ship? we're going to ship?   we're going to ship? &gt;&gt; Okay. I'm going to talk about a couple &gt;&gt; Okay. I'm going to talk about a couple   &gt;&gt; Okay. I'm going to talk about a couple things. Um, one of the things I'm going things. Um, one of the things I'm going   things. Um, one of the things I'm going to do is walk you through this repo and to do is walk you through this repo and   to do is walk you through this repo and how I use it. Um, so this is open how I use it. Um, so this is open   how I use it. Um, so this is open source. Um, I'm sure we'll put the uh source. Um, I'm sure we'll put the uh   source. Um, I'm sure we'll put the uh the link in the comments or in the show the link in the comments or in the show   the link in the comments or in the show notes, but the reason why I built this notes, but the reason why I built this   notes, but the reason why I built this is because, you know, I've spent a lot is because, you know, I've spent a lot   is because, you know, I've spent a lot of time coding with agents and I figured of time coding with agents and I figured   of time coding with agents and I figured out what works and what doesn't, right? out what works and what doesn't, right?   out what works and what doesn't, right? So, this is practical real world stuff. So, this is practical real world stuff.   So, this is practical real world stuff. Um, and I'm going to show you how I use Um, and I'm going to show you how I use   Um, and I'm going to show you how I use it. Um, we got some more people. Viral it. Um, we got some more people. Viral   it. Um, we got some more people. Viral is an engineer, investor, exec. Nice. is an engineer, investor, exec. Nice.   is an engineer, investor, exec. Nice. Putting yourself through the ringer. Um, Putting yourself through the ringer. Um,   Putting yourself through the ringer. Um, and then let me talk to you about the and then let me talk to you about the   and then let me talk to you about the code. Um, so the interface I'm using code. Um, so the interface I'm using   code. Um, so the interface I'm using here is just the CLI. I'm a big fan of here is just the CLI. I'm a big fan of   here is just the CLI. I'm a big fan of Ghosty. So, you know, those of you out Ghosty. So, you know, those of you out   Ghosty. So, you know, those of you out there are probably using either like VS there are probably using either like VS   there are probably using either like VS Code or Cursor or Windsurf. They're all Code or Cursor or Windsurf. They're all   Code or Cursor or Windsurf. They're all great options. Uh, I'm kind of a more of great options. Uh, I'm kind of a more of   great options. Uh, I'm kind of a more of a CLI guy because I like the the a CLI guy because I like the the   a CLI guy because I like the the cleanness of it. Um, so I'm using Ghosty cleanness of it. Um, so I'm using Ghosty   cleanness of it. Um, so I'm using Ghosty on a Mac. Um, on the right I've got on on a Mac. Um, on the right I've got on   on a Mac. Um, on the right I've got on that like that like   that like &gt;&gt; do you think that the tools matter? like &gt;&gt; do you think that the tools matter? like   &gt;&gt; do you think that the tools matter? like do you does it matter what CLI or ghosty do you does it matter what CLI or ghosty   do you does it matter what CLI or ghosty or this or that or are the concepts that or this or that or are the concepts that   or this or that or are the concepts that we're going to talk about going to be we're going to talk about going to be   we're going to talk about going to be agnostic to the tools? agnostic to the tools?   agnostic to the tools? &gt;&gt; They'll be agnostic. So, uh I'm going to &gt;&gt; They'll be agnostic. So, uh I'm going to   &gt;&gt; They'll be agnostic. So, uh I'm going to show you what I like, but it will work show you what I like, but it will work   show you what I like, but it will work in anything uh any environment you've in anything uh any environment you've   in anything uh any environment you've got. So, if you're an IDE type of got. So, if you're an IDE type of   got. So, if you're an IDE type of person, right, you'd rather be in that person, right, you'd rather be in that   person, right, you'd rather be in that environment, then you can run your agent environment, then you can run your agent   environment, then you can run your agent on the command line inside that IDE. So, on the command line inside that IDE. So,   on the command line inside that IDE. So, that's fine. um if you are on uh a that's fine. um if you are on uh a   that's fine. um if you are on uh a Windows machine that you can run the Windows machine that you can run the   Windows machine that you can run the same stuff on your command line. So um same stuff on your command line. So um   same stuff on your command line. So um it's not locked in. It's the concepts it's not locked in. It's the concepts   it's not locked in. It's the concepts that I'm going to show you. So the tools that I'm going to show you. So the tools   that I'm going to show you. So the tools are fun and all of us love tools, but are fun and all of us love tools, but   are fun and all of us love tools, but you know, don't get too hung up on that. you know, don't get too hung up on that.   you know, don't get too hung up on that. Um Jamal says ghosty plus T-mucks. Nice. Um Jamal says ghosty plus T-mucks. Nice.   Um Jamal says ghosty plus T-mucks. Nice. I actually literally just stopped using I actually literally just stopped using   I actually literally just stopped using T-Mox today. I went back to like native T-Mox today. I went back to like native   T-Mox today. I went back to like native Ghosty Paint. So sorry. Okay. Um so on Ghosty Paint. So sorry. Okay. Um so on   Ghosty Paint. So sorry. Okay. Um so on the right I have my agent of choice. the right I have my agent of choice.   the right I have my agent of choice. Obviously I love AMP. Um, you know, you Obviously I love AMP. Um, you know, you   Obviously I love AMP. Um, you know, you can do this in Cloud Code, you can do can do this in Cloud Code, you can do   can do this in Cloud Code, you can do this in uh the Codeex CLI, you can do this in uh the Codeex CLI, you can do   this in uh the Codeex CLI, you can do this in Gemini CLI, it doesn't well, it this in Gemini CLI, it doesn't well, it   this in Gemini CLI, it doesn't well, it does matter. Uh, but you can use any does matter. Uh, but you can use any   does matter. Uh, but you can use any agent you want. Um, so I've got AMP on agent you want. Um, so I've got AMP on   agent you want. Um, so I've got AMP on the right and on the left I've got the right and on the left I've got   the right and on the left I've got Neoim, you know, just a good classic um, Neoim, you know, just a good classic um,   Neoim, you know, just a good classic um, uh, you know, terminal based uh, IDE. I uh, you know, terminal based uh, IDE. I   uh, you know, terminal based uh, IDE. I actually use uh, lazy Vim and I love it. actually use uh, lazy Vim and I love it.   actually use uh, lazy Vim and I love it. So now the codebase. All right, so this So now the codebase. All right, so this   So now the codebase. All right, so this is an Nex.js app. Um, I'm not going to is an Nex.js app. Um, I'm not going to   is an Nex.js app. Um, I'm not going to go too hard on like how it works and go too hard on like how it works and   go too hard on like how it works and what it is because I don't want to focus what it is because I don't want to focus   what it is because I don't want to focus on my specific app. Uh, this is a on my specific app. Uh, this is a   on my specific app. Uh, this is a startup I'm building. Um, it's Nex.js, startup I'm building. Um, it's Nex.js,   startup I'm building. Um, it's Nex.js, TypeScript, Postgres. Uh, pretty TypeScript, Postgres. Uh, pretty   TypeScript, Postgres. Uh, pretty standard stuff. So, you should be able standard stuff. So, you should be able   standard stuff. So, you should be able to apply these concepts. So, um, uh, to apply these concepts. So, um, uh,   to apply these concepts. So, um, uh, Daniel saying warp solid too. Yep. Uh, Daniel saying warp solid too. Yep. Uh,   Daniel saying warp solid too. Yep. Uh, you want you want to zoom. All right. you want you want to zoom. All right.   you want you want to zoom. All right. I'm going to zoom a little bit for I'm going to zoom a little bit for   I'm going to zoom a little bit for everybody. Zoom zoom zoom. Here we go. everybody. Zoom zoom zoom. Here we go.   everybody. Zoom zoom zoom. Here we go. Okay. So the codebase again is pretty Okay. So the codebase again is pretty   Okay. So the codebase again is pretty straightforward. Um this is uh an AI straightforward. Um this is uh an AI   straightforward. Um this is uh an AI divorce assistant that I'm building. Um divorce assistant that I'm building. Um   divorce assistant that I'm building. Um um sadly my sisters got divorced and um sadly my sisters got divorced and   um sadly my sisters got divorced and they're happier and better now, but I they're happier and better now, but I   they're happier and better now, but I decided that uh divorce should be less decided that uh divorce should be less   decided that uh divorce should be less painful. So that's what I'm building painful. So that's what I'm building   painful. So that's what I'm building here. Um it's essentially an a here. Um it's essentially an a   here. Um it's essentially an a specialized agent. So what I'm going to specialized agent. So what I'm going to   specialized agent. So what I'm going to do is ship a real feature. So and again do is ship a real feature. So and again   do is ship a real feature. So and again uh Arman just you know uh interrupt me uh Arman just you know uh interrupt me   uh Arman just you know uh interrupt me if you need to. Um if you need to. Um   if you need to. Um &gt;&gt; yep. But what I'm do is I number one I'm &gt;&gt; yep. But what I'm do is I number one I'm   &gt;&gt; yep. But what I'm do is I number one I'm going to speak most of my prompts. So going to speak most of my prompts. So   going to speak most of my prompts. So this is like you know simple like hack this is like you know simple like hack   this is like you know simple like hack number one is is talk versus type as number one is is talk versus type as   number one is is talk versus type as much as you can because when it comes to much as you can because when it comes to   much as you can because when it comes to context you actually speak better context you actually speak better   context you actually speak better context than you type. Um and the reason context than you type. Um and the reason   context than you type. Um and the reason why is because you usually are are hyper why is because you usually are are hyper   why is because you usually are are hyper precise with your typing especially if precise with your typing especially if   precise with your typing especially if you're a developer whereas if you speak you're a developer whereas if you speak   you're a developer whereas if you speak you tend to give better context you tend to give better context   you tend to give better context actually. Um so I'm going to do that. actually. Um so I'm going to do that.   actually. Um so I'm going to do that. I'm using a tool called Whisper Flow. I I'm using a tool called Whisper Flow. I   I'm using a tool called Whisper Flow. I love it. Um I'm not an investor. I'm not love it. Um I'm not an investor. I'm not   love it. Um I'm not an investor. I'm not getting paid to do that. getting paid to do that.   getting paid to do that. &gt;&gt; Can I ask you about this? Like like when &gt;&gt; Can I ask you about this? Like like when   &gt;&gt; Can I ask you about this? Like like when I something that I've faced with Whisper I something that I've faced with Whisper   I something that I've faced with Whisper Flow is like I I I agree with your with Flow is like I I I agree with your with   Flow is like I I I agree with your with your concept of like you're being too your concept of like you're being too   your concept of like you're being too precise when you type out prompts. But precise when you type out prompts. But   precise when you type out prompts. But what I found is that that precision is what I found is that that precision is   what I found is that that precision is sometimes useful because it allows you sometimes useful because it allows you   sometimes useful because it allows you to iterate on a prompt and redo a to iterate on a prompt and redo a   to iterate on a prompt and redo a workflow. So how do you balance that workflow. So how do you balance that   workflow. So how do you balance that with like the off-the-cuff highfidelity with like the off-the-cuff highfidelity   with like the off-the-cuff highfidelity just like whisper flow? I'm speaking my just like whisper flow? I'm speaking my   just like whisper flow? I'm speaking my thoughts and that gets picked up by the thoughts and that gets picked up by the   thoughts and that gets picked up by the LM versus like having a templated prompt LM versus like having a templated prompt   LM versus like having a templated prompt or like really thinking through how or like really thinking through how   or like really thinking through how you're going to direct the flow. you're going to direct the flow.   you're going to direct the flow. &gt;&gt; Great call. So, you need to do both, &gt;&gt; Great call. So, you need to do both,   &gt;&gt; Great call. So, you need to do both, right? So, I'm actually going to walk right? So, I'm actually going to walk   right? So, I'm actually going to walk you through both modalities. Um, I you through both modalities. Um, I   you through both modalities. Um, I actually think you're very correct that actually think you're very correct that   actually think you're very correct that sometimes your prompting needs to be sometimes your prompting needs to be   sometimes your prompting needs to be very precise. So, I'll show you ana an very precise. So, I'll show you ana an   very precise. So, I'll show you ana an example slash command. It's called ship, example slash command. It's called ship,   example slash command. It's called ship, right? So ship um is a very specific right? So ship um is a very specific   right? So ship um is a very specific prompt that I run before I deploy to prompt that I run before I deploy to   prompt that I run before I deploy to prod. Right? So this is a good example prod. Right? So this is a good example   prod. Right? So this is a good example and I'll just read a little bit of this. and I'll just read a little bit of this.   and I'll just read a little bit of this. So run the complete development quality So run the complete development quality   So run the complete development quality checklist and prepare for development. checklist and prepare for development.   checklist and prepare for development. Number one, code review, check out the Number one, code review, check out the   Number one, code review, check out the PR and unstage all commits. Uh you know, PR and unstage all commits. Uh you know,   PR and unstage all commits. Uh you know, look for foot guns, rookie mistakes, look for foot guns, rookie mistakes,   look for foot guns, rookie mistakes, etc. Right? Number two, get status. And etc. Right? Number two, get status. And   etc. Right? Number two, get status. And this is a very precise prompt and I this is a very precise prompt and I   this is a very precise prompt and I would not want to would not want to   would not want to &gt;&gt; just blah this into existence using &gt;&gt; just blah this into existence using   &gt;&gt; just blah this into existence using whisper flow. Um, so yes, that's a good whisper flow. Um, so yes, that's a good   whisper flow. Um, so yes, that's a good example of where precise prompting example of where precise prompting   example of where precise prompting matters a lot. Now, every agent you use matters a lot. Now, every agent you use   matters a lot. Now, every agent you use is going to have custom slash commands. is going to have custom slash commands.   is going to have custom slash commands. Use them. Okay, this is tip number one. Use them. Okay, this is tip number one.   Use them. Okay, this is tip number one. Like so figure out the prompts that Like so figure out the prompts that   Like so figure out the prompts that you're going to use over and over again you're going to use over and over again   you're going to use over and over again and then codify them as custom slash and then codify them as custom slash   and then codify them as custom slash commands, you know, and feel free to commands, you know, and feel free to   commands, you know, and feel free to just steal mine. This is called ship. I just steal mine. This is called ship. I   just steal mine. This is called ship. I use this over and over again. Um, and use this over and over again. Um, and   use this over and over again. Um, and essentially what this does is says check essentially what this does is says check   essentially what this does is says check out the code uh run a code review on it. out the code uh run a code review on it.   out the code uh run a code review on it. So one thing I love about AMP is is So one thing I love about AMP is is   So one thing I love about AMP is is called the Oracle. It's basically a called the Oracle. It's basically a   called the Oracle. It's basically a custom tool called a GPT5 that does uh custom tool called a GPT5 that does uh   custom tool called a GPT5 that does uh pretty hardcore uh deep thinking on the pretty hardcore uh deep thinking on the   pretty hardcore uh deep thinking on the PR. So use those use those custom slash PR. So use those use those custom slash   PR. So use those use those custom slash commands. Okay. Um the other thing and commands. Okay. Um the other thing and   commands. Okay. Um the other thing and I'm not going to try to pitch AMP here I'm not going to try to pitch AMP here   I'm not going to try to pitch AMP here and and get everybody to love it, but I and and get everybody to love it, but I   and and get everybody to love it, but I will say one thing that's pretty great will say one thing that's pretty great   will say one thing that's pretty great about it is is it's free. So about it is is it's free. So   about it is is it's free. So if you want a free agent, um then just if you want a free agent, um then just   if you want a free agent, um then just use AMP free. So you can see we've got a use AMP free. So you can see we've got a   use AMP free. So you can see we've got a couple different modes here. Um, so couple different modes here. Um, so   couple different modes here. Um, so you've got plan, smart, free. We're just you've got plan, smart, free. We're just   you've got plan, smart, free. We're just going to use free the whole time today. going to use free the whole time today.   going to use free the whole time today. Um, to show you how that works. Okay, so Um, to show you how that works. Okay, so   Um, to show you how that works. Okay, so let's speak in the first prompt and let's speak in the first prompt and   let's speak in the first prompt and let's see how this goes. This is let's see how this goes. This is   let's see how this goes. This is probably going to be messy. Um, and um, probably going to be messy. Um, and um,   probably going to be messy. Um, and um, keep the comments coming. I'm reading keep the comments coming. I'm reading   keep the comments coming. I'm reading some of those out. Um, someone's asking some of those out. Um, someone's asking   some of those out. Um, someone's asking about monologue. Uh, Whisper Flow 320K about monologue. Uh, Whisper Flow 320K   about monologue. Uh, Whisper Flow 320K words since starting 16 weeks ago. words since starting 16 weeks ago.   words since starting 16 weeks ago. Kyle's all in. So, Whisper Flow's great. Kyle's all in. So, Whisper Flow's great.   Kyle's all in. So, Whisper Flow's great. Okay, here we go. Okay, here we go.   Okay, here we go. Okay, so we need to ship a feature that Okay, so we need to ship a feature that   Okay, so we need to ship a feature that logs the user out automatically logs the user out automatically   logs the user out automatically uh to protect their information. Uh uh to protect their information. Uh   uh to protect their information. Uh we're using clerk for authentication. Uh we're using clerk for authentication. Uh   we're using clerk for authentication. Uh go ahead and create the PRD for me. go ahead and create the PRD for me.   go ahead and create the PRD for me. Okay, so here we have a pretty rough and Okay, so here we have a pretty rough and   Okay, so here we have a pretty rough and ready prompt. This is not great, right? ready prompt. This is not great, right?   ready prompt. This is not great, right? You would not want to build a feature You would not want to build a feature   You would not want to build a feature based off of this. So here's typ tip based off of this. So here's typ tip   based off of this. So here's typ tip number one. So I'm going to tag uh a number one. So I'm going to tag uh a   number one. So I'm going to tag uh a file. All right. It's called create PRD. file. All right. It's called create PRD.   file. All right. It's called create PRD. Um, and so we're going to let that cook Um, and so we're going to let that cook   Um, and so we're going to let that cook for a minute in the background. But what for a minute in the background. But what   for a minute in the background. But what I'm going to show you is what this is. I'm going to show you is what this is.   I'm going to show you is what this is. So what I'm [clears throat] doing So what I'm [clears throat] doing   So what I'm [clears throat] doing basically is I'm mixing, you know, basically is I'm mixing, you know,   basically is I'm mixing, you know, speaking with with specific prompt speaking with with specific prompt   speaking with with specific prompt techniques. Um, so what this is over techniques. Um, so what this is over   techniques. Um, so what this is over here, and again, this is free. Um, this here, and again, this is free. Um, this   here, and again, this is free. Um, this is just an open source repo. Um, it's is just an open source repo. Um, it's   is just an open source repo. Um, it's crazy. It's got 6,700 stars already. Um, crazy. It's got 6,700 stars already. Um,   crazy. It's got 6,700 stars already. Um, it's just two files, right? Right. So, it's just two files, right? Right. So,   it's just two files, right? Right. So, I'm going to actually go into the create I'm going to actually go into the create   I'm going to actually go into the create PRD uh markdown file. This is basically PRD uh markdown file. This is basically   PRD uh markdown file. This is basically a custom prompt, right? You could use a a custom prompt, right? You could use a   a custom prompt, right? You could use a slash command if you wanted to. There's slash command if you wanted to. There's   slash command if you wanted to. There's really no difference. Um, and what really no difference. Um, and what   really no difference. Um, and what you're doing is uh four steps first. So, you're doing is uh four steps first. So,   you're doing is uh four steps first. So, you receive the initial prompt, which you receive the initial prompt, which   you receive the initial prompt, which was my, you know, uh, primitive prompt was my, you know, uh, primitive prompt   was my, you know, uh, primitive prompt about um, uh, logging the user out. about um, uh, logging the user out.   about um, uh, logging the user out. And then, um, it's going to ask And then, um, it's going to ask   And then, um, it's going to ask clarifying questions. So it says before clarifying questions. So it says before   clarifying questions. So it says before uh writing the PRD the AI must ask the uh writing the PRD the AI must ask the   uh writing the PRD the AI must ask the most essential clarifying questions to most essential clarifying questions to   most essential clarifying questions to write a clear PRD. Uh limit questions to write a clear PRD. Uh limit questions to   write a clear PRD. Uh limit questions to three to five critical gaps in three to five critical gaps in   three to five critical gaps in understanding. Um and then you see that understanding. Um and then you see that   understanding. Um and then you see that happen right here. Right? So we've got happen right here. Right? So we've got   happen right here. Right? So we've got we've got four questions. Right now the we've got four questions. Right now the   we've got four questions. Right now the key here key here   key here is that you're enforcing is that you're enforcing   is that you're enforcing um a step to clarify things. Right? Cuz um a step to clarify things. Right? Cuz   um a step to clarify things. Right? Cuz what will happen is if everybody is what will happen is if everybody is   what will happen is if everybody is using an agent, you just get lazy and using an agent, you just get lazy and   using an agent, you just get lazy and you get tired, right? And so this step you get tired, right? And so this step   you get tired, right? And so this step is designed to enforce clarity, right? is designed to enforce clarity, right?   is designed to enforce clarity, right? So let's just quickly answer these, So let's just quickly answer these,   So let's just quickly answer these, right? Um so I'm actually going to talk. right? Um so I'm actually going to talk.   right? Um so I'm actually going to talk. All right. All right.   All right. Uh number one, Uh number one,   Uh number one, I think uh the session should expire I think uh the session should expire   I think uh the session should expire based on a fixed time limit. Let's go 2 based on a fixed time limit. Let's go 2   based on a fixed time limit. Let's go 2 minutes. Uh, number two, minutes. Uh, number two,   minutes. Uh, number two, uh, yeah, I just answered that. How long uh, yeah, I just answered that. How long   uh, yeah, I just answered that. How long should an activity period be? I would should an activity period be? I would   should an activity period be? I would say, say,   say, actually, let's switch to an hour for actually, let's switch to an hour for   actually, let's switch to an hour for the inactivity. the inactivity.   the inactivity. Um, number three, should users receive a Um, number three, should users receive a   Um, number three, should users receive a warning? Yes. Uh, let's do a warning 2 warning? Yes. Uh, let's do a warning 2   warning? Yes. Uh, let's do a warning 2 minutes out. minutes out.   minutes out. Um, and then, uh, what information Um, and then, uh, what information   Um, and then, uh, what information should the feature protect? Just all of should the feature protect? Just all of   should the feature protect? Just all of it. it.   it. Um, and then also send them out to the Um, and then also send them out to the   Um, and then also send them out to the uh homepage once they get logged out. uh homepage once they get logged out.   uh homepage once they get logged out. [clears throat] [clears throat]   [clears throat] Okay. So, not rocket science here. We're Okay. So, not rocket science here. We're   Okay. So, not rocket science here. We're just clarifying some of the key just clarifying some of the key   just clarifying some of the key features, right? features, right?   features, right? So, we'll So, we'll   So, we'll &gt;&gt; just to just so I can like recap to &gt;&gt; just to just so I can like recap to   &gt;&gt; just to just so I can like recap to understand. So, you have this you're understand. So, you have this you're   understand. So, you have this you're building this startup, right? and you building this startup, right? and you   building this startup, right? and you want to add this feature and you are want to add this feature and you are   want to add this feature and you are basically you're showing a balance basically you're showing a balance   basically you're showing a balance between between   between the whisper flow with very very the whisper flow with very very   the whisper flow with very very structured and templated prompts and structured and templated prompts and   structured and templated prompts and using this to create a PRD for this using this to create a PRD for this   using this to create a PRD for this feature and we'll see what you do after feature and we'll see what you do after   feature and we'll see what you do after the PRD just so I understand that is the PRD just so I understand that is   the PRD just so I understand that is what we're doing right now right? what we're doing right now right?   what we're doing right now right? &gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. Yeah. We've got a feature for &gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. Yeah. We've got a feature for   &gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. Yeah. We've got a feature for this app and again I'm not focusing too this app and again I'm not focusing too   this app and again I'm not focusing too hard on what does my app do cuz that's hard on what does my app do cuz that's   hard on what does my app do cuz that's not relevant to all of you. not relevant to all of you.   not relevant to all of you. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep.   &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; But I have a feature I need to ship. Um, &gt;&gt; But I have a feature I need to ship. Um,   &gt;&gt; But I have a feature I need to ship. Um, it's probably a feature everybody it's probably a feature everybody   it's probably a feature everybody understands. You probably want to log understands. You probably want to log   understands. You probably want to log out your users if they have highly out your users if they have highly   out your users if they have highly confidential data. Um, so that's what confidential data. Um, so that's what   confidential data. Um, so that's what we're building. Um, okay. So, let's go we're building. Um, okay. So, let's go   we're building. Um, okay. So, let's go ahead and look at, you know, what it's ahead and look at, you know, what it's   ahead and look at, you know, what it's doing um over here. So, let's find that doing um over here. So, let's find that   doing um over here. So, let's find that uh that file. It's called PRD auto uh that file. It's called PRD auto   uh that file. It's called PRD auto logout. Uh, load it. Let's make that go logout. Uh, load it. Let's make that go   logout. Uh, load it. Let's make that go away. Okay. So, this is tip number away. Okay. So, this is tip number   away. Okay. So, this is tip number three. three.   three. read the thing. Right? So, um the the read the thing. Right? So, um the the   read the thing. Right? So, um the the major step uh that people fail on is major step uh that people fail on is   major step uh that people fail on is this one, right? It's pretty easy to get this one, right? It's pretty easy to get   this one, right? It's pretty easy to get your agent to write a bunch of markdown, your agent to write a bunch of markdown,   your agent to write a bunch of markdown, but the question is it good and is it but the question is it good and is it   but the question is it good and is it what you need, right? Um is it and and what you need, right? Um is it and and   what you need, right? Um is it and and think about it this way. You know, think about it this way. You know,   think about it this way. You know, you've got this super intelligent you've got this super intelligent   you've got this super intelligent person. They just walked into your person. They just walked into your   person. They just walked into your office, right? They don't have any office, right? They don't have any   office, right? They don't have any context. So, that's why you have to give context. So, that's why you have to give   context. So, that's why you have to give the right context. But then you have to the right context. But then you have to   the right context. But then you have to explain uh exactly you know which path explain uh exactly you know which path   explain uh exactly you know which path they need to take. Um this is actually a they need to take. Um this is actually a   they need to take. Um this is actually a lot like managing employees right so if lot like managing employees right so if   lot like managing employees right so if you have so what you learn as you manage you have so what you learn as you manage   you have so what you learn as you manage employees and you know I've been you employees and you know I've been you   employees and you know I've been you know fortunate to manage hundreds of know fortunate to manage hundreds of   know fortunate to manage hundreds of employees over my career um is that you employees over my career um is that you   employees over my career um is that you do have to get specific right people do have to get specific right people   do have to get specific right people don't can't read your mind right so the don't can't read your mind right so the   don't can't read your mind right so the agent can't read your mind either um so agent can't read your mind either um so   agent can't read your mind either um so it's it's made some choices about it's it's made some choices about   it's it's made some choices about feature implementation that we need to feature implementation that we need to   feature implementation that we need to understand and approve or or deny um so understand and approve or or deny um so   understand and approve or or deny um so I'm going to read a little bit of this I'm going to read a little bit of this   I'm going to read a little bit of this cuz this is what you should do. Um, but cuz this is what you should do. Um, but   cuz this is what you should do. Um, but I'm not going to read the whole thing I'm not going to read the whole thing   I'm not going to read the whole thing cuz it'll bore you to death. Um, so, uh, cuz it'll bore you to death. Um, so, uh,   cuz it'll bore you to death. Um, so, uh, we've got some user stories, right? we've got some user stories, right?   we've got some user stories, right? Those are pretty are fine, but let's Those are pretty are fine, but let's   Those are pretty are fine, but let's focus on the functional requirements focus on the functional requirements   focus on the functional requirements right here, right? Okay. So, the system right here, right? Okay. So, the system   right here, right? Okay. So, the system must track user activity across all must track user activity across all   must track user activity across all pages interactions. Yep, that's true. pages interactions. Yep, that's true.   pages interactions. Yep, that's true. The system must automatically log out The system must automatically log out   The system must automatically log out users after 1 hour of act inactivity. users after 1 hour of act inactivity.   users after 1 hour of act inactivity. Sounds right. Uh, system must display a Sounds right. Uh, system must display a   Sounds right. Uh, system must display a warning notification 2 minutes out. Uh, warning notification 2 minutes out. Uh,   warning notification 2 minutes out. Uh, allow users to dismiss the warning. allow users to dismiss the warning.   allow users to dismiss the warning. Continue. Yep. System must redirect to Continue. Yep. System must redirect to   Continue. Yep. System must redirect to the homepage. Sounds good. System must the homepage. Sounds good. System must   the homepage. Sounds good. System must use clerk's authentication. Yep. System use clerk's authentication. Yep. System   use clerk's authentication. Yep. System must protect all data. Yep. Fine. Um, must protect all data. Yep. Fine. Um,   must protect all data. Yep. Fine. Um, some of this is extra, right? So, I'm some of this is extra, right? So, I'm   some of this is extra, right? So, I'm actually going to delete some of the actually going to delete some of the   actually going to delete some of the This is just the model, I think, being This is just the model, I think, being   This is just the model, I think, being verbose. verbose.   verbose. Um, Um,   Um, the rest of this looks pretty good. the rest of this looks pretty good.   the rest of this looks pretty good. Success metrics. Actually, this is Success metrics. Actually, this is   Success metrics. Actually, this is pretty good. Now, this is a pretty easy pretty good. Now, this is a pretty easy   pretty good. Now, this is a pretty easy feature. Um I think you know normally um feature. Um I think you know normally um   feature. Um I think you know normally um when I do this stuff sometimes I'll be when I do this stuff sometimes I'll be   when I do this stuff sometimes I'll be planning for like 2 hours, right? So the planning for like 2 hours, right? So the   planning for like 2 hours, right? So the other day I shipped a huge feature where other day I shipped a huge feature where   other day I shipped a huge feature where we basically decided to remove the payw we basically decided to remove the payw   we basically decided to remove the payw wall to the app so that you could lo uh wall to the app so that you could lo uh   wall to the app so that you could lo uh sign up truly without a credit card. And sign up truly without a credit card. And   sign up truly without a credit card. And I remember I basically sat, you know, I remember I basically sat, you know,   I remember I basically sat, you know, chatted to AMP for almost two hours chatted to AMP for almost two hours   chatted to AMP for almost two hours before we had a finalized PRD and task before we had a finalized PRD and task   before we had a finalized PRD and task list. So um stuff to think about. One list. So um stuff to think about. One   list. So um stuff to think about. One question I have here is now as you think question I have here is now as you think   question I have here is now as you think about the bottlenecks in your about the bottlenecks in your   about the bottlenecks in your engineering process today versus what it engineering process today versus what it   engineering process today versus what it looked like prior to all this is the big looked like prior to all this is the big   looked like prior to all this is the big bottleneck now kind of like bottleneck now kind of like   bottleneck now kind of like the planning and then the reviewing of the planning and then the reviewing of   the planning and then the reviewing of the plan that has been created for you the plan that has been created for you   the plan that has been created for you and do you view there's any way to speed and do you view there's any way to speed   and do you view there's any way to speed that up or at the end of the day you you that up or at the end of the day you you   that up or at the end of the day you you want to review every line of this plan want to review every line of this plan   want to review every line of this plan to make sure it's executed on properly to make sure it's executed on properly   to make sure it's executed on properly like is there no kind of shortcutting like is there no kind of shortcutting   like is there no kind of shortcutting that? that?   that? &gt;&gt; There's not right now. Um I anticipate &gt;&gt; There's not right now. Um I anticipate   &gt;&gt; There's not right now. Um I anticipate you know as the models get better you you know as the models get better you   you know as the models get better you will start to offload some of the plan will start to offload some of the plan   will start to offload some of the plan checking to agents itself but we're just checking to agents itself but we're just   checking to agents itself but we're just not there yet right um there isn't not there yet right um there isn't   not there yet right um there isn't enough um practical sense in in the enough um practical sense in in the   enough um practical sense in in the models yet for you to trust that so I models yet for you to trust that so I   models yet for you to trust that so I would say that this is the slowest part would say that this is the slowest part   would say that this is the slowest part um that after this the slowest part is um that after this the slowest part is   um that after this the slowest part is ironing out you know the tiny little ironing out you know the tiny little   ironing out you know the tiny little bugs that happen during the bugs that happen during the   bugs that happen during the implementation um and I will Okay, implementation um and I will Okay,   implementation um and I will Okay, tip number five or six or whatever we're tip number five or six or whatever we're   tip number five or six or whatever we're on here is you want to give the model on here is you want to give the model   on here is you want to give the model eyes. And what I mean by that is you eyes. And what I mean by that is you   eyes. And what I mean by that is you want the feedback loop on this thing to want the feedback loop on this thing to   want the feedback loop on this thing to be something the model can ingest. So be something the model can ingest. So   be something the model can ingest. So here's one way that I do that. Um I'll here's one way that I do that. Um I'll   here's one way that I do that. Um I'll show you actually. Um show you actually. Um   show you actually. Um all right. So I'll just tell the the all right. So I'll just tell the the   all right. So I'll just tell the the model uh model uh   model uh uh check locks. So this is again this is uh check locks. So this is again this is   uh check locks. So this is again this is another tip. So I have a custom slash another tip. So I have a custom slash   another tip. So I have a custom slash command called cl um and it's kind of command called cl um and it's kind of   command called cl um and it's kind of dumb. It it's it's basically an dumb. It it's it's basically an   dumb. It it's it's basically an autocomplete and it says check server autocomplete and it says check server   autocomplete and it says check server logs at least 100 lines. [clears throat] logs at least 100 lines. [clears throat]   logs at least 100 lines. [clears throat] Now Now   Now the reason why is because I've piped in the reason why is because I've piped in   the reason why is because I've piped in um so it's actually looking at the logs um so it's actually looking at the logs   um so it's actually looking at the logs right now. These are the server logs uh right now. These are the server logs uh   right now. These are the server logs uh that automatically get piped into a log that automatically get piped into a log   that automatically get piped into a log file. Um, now why is that important? Um, file. Um, now why is that important? Um,   file. Um, now why is that important? Um, the reason why is because the model the reason why is because the model   the reason why is because the model can't understand what's going on unless can't understand what's going on unless   can't understand what's going on unless you tell it where the output is, right? you tell it where the output is, right?   you tell it where the output is, right? And so a lot of devs are like copying And so a lot of devs are like copying   And so a lot of devs are like copying and pasting stuff. Um, what you want to and pasting stuff. Um, what you want to   and pasting stuff. Um, what you want to do is give the model the ability to do is give the model the ability to   do is give the model the ability to check for itself. And and in nextJS, check for itself. And and in nextJS,   check for itself. And and in nextJS, another kind of tip there is that you another kind of tip there is that you   another kind of tip there is that you can have the front-end logs piped to the can have the front-end logs piped to the   can have the front-end logs piped to the server log. Um, this is a custom um server log. Um, this is a custom um   server log. Um, this is a custom um feature that uh Nex.js JS you can just feature that uh Nex.js JS you can just   feature that uh Nex.js JS you can just turn it on and so all my front-end logs turn it on and so all my front-end logs   turn it on and so all my front-end logs are going right to the same log file um are going right to the same log file um   are going right to the same log file um as uh the server log. So um Kyle says uh as uh the server log. So um Kyle says uh   as uh the server log. So um Kyle says uh unified logging seems very unified logging seems very   unified logging seems very underappreciated in the agent workflow. underappreciated in the agent workflow.   underappreciated in the agent workflow. Yeah, Yeah,   Yeah, cuz in the end you realize like the cuz in the end you realize like the   cuz in the end you realize like the agent needs to be able to know agent needs to be able to know   agent needs to be able to know everything I know. Like how can it know everything I know. Like how can it know   everything I know. Like how can it know that otherwise? Otherwise, you're going that otherwise? Otherwise, you're going   that otherwise? Otherwise, you're going to have to spin up playright and say, to have to spin up playright and say,   to have to spin up playright and say, "All right, you know, check, you know, "All right, you know, check, you know,   "All right, you know, check, you know, use playright to check the browser use playright to check the browser   use playright to check the browser console," which is just like a whole console," which is just like a whole   console," which is just like a whole step you don't need to take. So, okay, I step you don't need to take. So, okay, I   step you don't need to take. So, okay, I digress. Um, let's go ahead and keep digress. Um, let's go ahead and keep   digress. Um, let's go ahead and keep going and let me recap what we've done. going and let me recap what we've done.   going and let me recap what we've done. Right? So, the idea is we've got here, Right? So, the idea is we've got here,   Right? So, the idea is we've got here, um, in our task folder over here, we um, in our task folder over here, we   um, in our task folder over here, we have an autogenerated PRD, right? So, have an autogenerated PRD, right? So,   have an autogenerated PRD, right? So, it's this markdown. Um, and then with it's this markdown. Um, and then with   it's this markdown. Um, and then with this markdown PRD, we're going to this markdown PRD, we're going to   this markdown PRD, we're going to generate a detailed implementation generate a detailed implementation   generate a detailed implementation uh uh plan, right? So, let's go ahead uh uh plan, right? So, let's go ahead   uh uh plan, right? So, let's go ahead and do that. So, we're going to tag uh and do that. So, we're going to tag uh   and do that. So, we're going to tag uh the PRD. I know that it already knows the PRD. I know that it already knows   the PRD. I know that it already knows this, but this is an idea of like this, but this is an idea of like   this, but this is an idea of like refreshing the context, right? So, we refreshing the context, right? So, we   refreshing the context, right? So, we want the freshest version of this PRD to want the freshest version of this PRD to   want the freshest version of this PRD to be in the context. So, uh I'm going to be in the context. So, uh I'm going to   be in the context. So, uh I'm going to tag it and I'm going to say let's go and tag it and I'm going to say let's go and   tag it and I'm going to say let's go and generate the detailed implementation generate the detailed implementation   generate the detailed implementation plan. plan.   plan. And then I'm going to tag the second And then I'm going to tag the second   And then I'm going to tag the second file in this system, right? Um so it's file in this system, right? Um so it's   file in this system, right? Um so it's called generates called generates   called generates uh task list right here. uh task list right here.   uh task list right here. Um you're probably wondering like where Um you're probably wondering like where   Um you're probably wondering like where where are these files? What I've done is where are these files? What I've done is   where are these files? What I've done is I've taken the open source repo and I've I've taken the open source repo and I've   I've taken the open source repo and I've just um brought those markdown files just um brought those markdown files   just um brought those markdown files into a folder um called uh agent props. into a folder um called uh agent props.   into a folder um called uh agent props. So um you could also like I said make So um you could also like I said make   So um you could also like I said make these custom slash commands. It's like these custom slash commands. It's like   these custom slash commands. It's like whatever works for you. [clears throat] whatever works for you. [clears throat]   whatever works for you. [clears throat] Okay. So, Okay. So,   Okay. So, what the um agent is going to do now is what the um agent is going to do now is   what the um agent is going to do now is read our PRD again. Um which again is read our PRD again. Um which again is   read our PRD again. Um which again is kind of a a basic feature, but it's more kind of a a basic feature, but it's more   kind of a a basic feature, but it's more than just a you know a vibe coded, you than just a you know a vibe coded, you   than just a you know a vibe coded, you know, crank it out in a couple minutes know, crank it out in a couple minutes   know, crank it out in a couple minutes feature. Um and then it's going to um feature. Um and then it's going to um   feature. Um and then it's going to um create a custom um uh implementation create a custom um uh implementation   create a custom um uh implementation plan as markdown. So plan as markdown. So   plan as markdown. So um it's basically said I have generated um it's basically said I have generated   um it's basically said I have generated the highle task based on the auto logout the highle task based on the auto logout   the highle task based on the auto logout prd requirements uh ready to generate prd requirements uh ready to generate   prd requirements uh ready to generate the subtasks and so here's what its plan the subtasks and so here's what its plan   the subtasks and so here's what its plan right now is um and again this is all right now is um and again this is all   right now is um and again this is all specified let me show you in the uh specified let me show you in the uh   specified let me show you in the uh in the markdown file in the markdown file   in the markdown file okay this is the generate task markdown okay this is the generate task markdown   okay this is the generate task markdown file file   file it's pretty simple right it's saying it's pretty simple right it's saying   it's pretty simple right it's saying okay um the output is a markdown file okay um the output is a markdown file   okay um the output is a markdown file the locations in tasks the file name is the locations in tasks the file name is   the locations in tasks the file name is going to be task- feature name um and going to be task- feature name um and   going to be task- feature name um and then the process is this receive the then the process is this receive the   then the process is this receive the requirements right so the requirements requirements right so the requirements   requirements right so the requirements was our prd that we inputed it was our prd that we inputed it   was our prd that we inputed it [clears throat] analyzes those [clears throat] analyzes those   [clears throat] analyzes those requirements and then phase one is to requirements and then phase one is to   requirements and then phase one is to generate the parent tasks right so you generate the parent tasks right so you   generate the parent tasks right so you wouldn't want the model just like barf wouldn't want the model just like barf   wouldn't want the model just like barf out you know 25 tasks right you want to out you know 25 tasks right you want to   out you know 25 tasks right you want to think iteratively about this and again think iteratively about this and again   think iteratively about this and again this is like a meta um uh a piece of this is like a meta um uh a piece of   this is like a meta um uh a piece of knowledge here. Abstract everything into knowledge here. Abstract everything into   knowledge here. Abstract everything into multi-steps, right? Versus oneshotting. multi-steps, right? Versus oneshotting.   multi-steps, right? Versus oneshotting. Like you never ever want to oneshot Like you never ever want to oneshot   Like you never ever want to oneshot everything anything ever again. So don't everything anything ever again. So don't   everything anything ever again. So don't do that. Um so what we have here is um do that. Um so what we have here is um   do that. Um so what we have here is um we've got our our our top five level we've got our our our top five level   we've got our our our top five level tasks, right? Um, now as the engineer tasks, right? Um, now as the engineer   tasks, right? Um, now as the engineer you want to, this is where we always say you want to, this is where we always say   you want to, this is where we always say at AMP, you know, don't outsource your at AMP, you know, don't outsource your   at AMP, you know, don't outsource your thinking, right? You got to think, thinking, right? You got to think,   thinking, right? You got to think, right? So, let's look at this real right? So, let's look at this real   right? So, let's look at this real quick. Okay, so task zero is create a quick. Okay, so task zero is create a   quick. Okay, so task zero is create a feature branch. Yep, that makes sense. feature branch. Yep, that makes sense.   feature branch. Yep, that makes sense. Um, we want to work on a branch here, Um, we want to work on a branch here,   Um, we want to work on a branch here, right? Number one, implement inactivity right? Number one, implement inactivity   right? Number one, implement inactivity tracking hook. Uh, sounds right. Create tracking hook. Uh, sounds right. Create   tracking hook. Uh, sounds right. Create warning notification component. Yep. warning notification component. Yep.   warning notification component. Yep. Implement auto logout functionality. Implement auto logout functionality.   Implement auto logout functionality. uh then integrate in activity uh uh then integrate in activity uh   uh then integrate in activity uh tracking number five add comprehensive tracking number five add comprehensive   tracking number five add comprehensive tests and number six update tests and number six update   tests and number six update documentation to verify feature um I'm documentation to verify feature um I'm   documentation to verify feature um I'm going to say uh you know don't need step going to say uh you know don't need step   going to say uh you know don't need step six six   six cuz again the models tend to cuz again the models tend to   cuz again the models tend to overdocument um so we're going to do overdocument um so we're going to do   overdocument um so we're going to do that that   that um and then it says okay here's the the um and then it says okay here's the the   um and then it says okay here's the the five steps again that have been modified five steps again that have been modified   five steps again that have been modified and again this is this planning feedback and again this is this planning feedback   and again this is this planning feedback kind of loop Um, you know, I'm actually kind of loop Um, you know, I'm actually   kind of loop Um, you know, I'm actually going to say, going to say,   going to say, I'd like you to add a step after the I'd like you to add a step after the   I'd like you to add a step after the feature branch where you design the feature branch where you design the   feature branch where you design the component first and show me what it component first and show me what it   component first and show me what it looks like. looks like.   looks like. Um, this is something I've learned. Um, this is something I've learned.   Um, this is something I've learned. Sometimes you can implement a whole Sometimes you can implement a whole   Sometimes you can implement a whole feature and then you realize the model feature and then you realize the model   feature and then you realize the model misinterpreted what the UI should look misinterpreted what the UI should look   misinterpreted what the UI should look like and everyone's wagging their head like and everyone's wagging their head   like and everyone's wagging their head because we've all been through this this because we've all been through this this   because we've all been through this this pain, right? Um, and so this is just a pain, right? Um, and so this is just a   pain, right? Um, and so this is just a way to avoid that pain, right? way to avoid that pain, right?   way to avoid that pain, right? &gt;&gt; I also just want to highlight like we're &gt;&gt; I also just want to highlight like we're   &gt;&gt; I also just want to highlight like we're 25 minutes in and not a single line of 25 minutes in and not a single line of   25 minutes in and not a single line of code's been written. And I think that is code's been written. And I think that is   code's been written. And I think that is the point, you know, like we talk all the point, you know, like we talk all   the point, you know, like we talk all the time to engineering leaders and the time to engineering leaders and   the time to engineering leaders and senior engineers and and just like senior engineers and and just like   senior engineers and and just like incredible incredible   incredible engineers who have written off AI for engineers who have written off AI for   engineers who have written off AI for engineering. engineering.   engineering. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. And it's because they what &gt;&gt; Oh my god. And it's because they what   &gt;&gt; Oh my god. And it's because they what you said with Whisper Flow, the first you said with Whisper Flow, the first   you said with Whisper Flow, the first thing that you said, they put that into thing that you said, they put that into   thing that you said, they put that into Cursor a year and a half ago. It put out Cursor a year and a half ago. It put out   Cursor a year and a half ago. It put out a dog crap and then they're like, "Oh, a dog crap and then they're like, "Oh,   a dog crap and then they're like, "Oh, AI is bad." And they've just never tried AI is bad." And they've just never tried   AI is bad." And they've just never tried it again. And I think what's really cool it again. And I think what's really cool   it again. And I think what's really cool about this is again like you are about this is again like you are   about this is again like you are starting with writing a PRD, but you starting with writing a PRD, but you   starting with writing a PRD, but you didn't oneshot even the PRD. Even the didn't oneshot even the PRD. Even the   didn't oneshot even the PRD. Even the PRD, you forced it to ask you questions PRD, you forced it to ask you questions   PRD, you forced it to ask you questions and then you're using that to create a and then you're using that to create a   and then you're using that to create a plan and you're not oneshotting the plan and you're not oneshotting the   plan and you're not oneshotting the plan. You're using that to ask questions plan. You're using that to ask questions   plan. You're using that to ask questions and then you're using and then we'll see and then you're using and then we'll see   and then you're using and then we'll see what happens after this. But like that I what happens after this. But like that I   what happens after this. But like that I think is the biggest thing here think is the biggest thing here   think is the biggest thing here &gt;&gt; and I think people need to take away. &gt;&gt; and I think people need to take away.   &gt;&gt; and I think people need to take away. How are you like how do you instill this How are you like how do you instill this   How are you like how do you instill this in people who have written it off? Like in people who have written it off? Like   in people who have written it off? Like what is the just stuff like this or you what is the just stuff like this or you   what is the just stuff like this or you just go on podcast and talk about how just go on podcast and talk about how   just go on podcast and talk about how you build? I mean, pretty much, you you build? I mean, pretty much, you   you build? I mean, pretty much, you know, and and as well, like maybe this know, and and as well, like maybe this   know, and and as well, like maybe this sounds harsh and and maybe it's because sounds harsh and and maybe it's because   sounds harsh and and maybe it's because I'm old now and I've had kids and I just I'm old now and I've had kids and I just   I'm old now and I've had kids and I just don't care anymore, but folks that write don't care anymore, but folks that write   don't care anymore, but folks that write this stuff off are not going to survive. this stuff off are not going to survive.   this stuff off are not going to survive. I mean, and it's not my job to save I mean, and it's not my job to save   I mean, and it's not my job to save everybody, right? And I think the truth everybody, right? And I think the truth   everybody, right? And I think the truth is the smart people who are mentally is the smart people who are mentally   is the smart people who are mentally elastic, no matter what age they are, elastic, no matter what age they are,   elastic, no matter what age they are, understand like this is a new paradigm, understand like this is a new paradigm,   understand like this is a new paradigm, y'all. like this is bigger than the y'all. like this is bigger than the   y'all. like this is bigger than the computer, right? And so I think there's computer, right? And so I think there's   computer, right? And so I think there's a lot of intelligent people that, you a lot of intelligent people that, you   a lot of intelligent people that, you know, were calcified and have been able know, were calcified and have been able   know, were calcified and have been able to, you know, break those chains. to, you know, break those chains.   to, you know, break those chains. Actually, a really good example I want Actually, a really good example I want   Actually, a really good example I want to call him out is Daario, one of the to call him out is Daario, one of the   to call him out is Daario, one of the one of the key engineers at AMP. He is one of the key engineers at AMP. He is   one of the key engineers at AMP. He is extremely intelligent. Like he's one of extremely intelligent. Like he's one of   extremely intelligent. Like he's one of the best of the best of the best the best of the best of the best   the best of the best of the best engineers, right? And he when AI first engineers, right? And he when AI first   engineers, right? And he when AI first came out, like AI as far as large came out, like AI as far as large   came out, like AI as far as large language models, you know, coding, he language models, you know, coding, he   language models, you know, coding, he was like, "This is going to be a bunch was like, "This is going to be a bunch   was like, "This is going to be a bunch of slop. There's just no way this is any of slop. There's just no way this is any   of slop. There's just no way this is any good." Um, and then and then he heard good." Um, and then and then he heard   good." Um, and then and then he heard his dad in that sentence and he was his dad in that sentence and he was   his dad in that sentence and he was like, "Whoa, like I sound like my dad like, "Whoa, like I sound like my dad   like, "Whoa, like I sound like my dad and he's like, "What happened?" And so and he's like, "What happened?" And so   and he's like, "What happened?" And so then he said, "Wait a minute." like I then he said, "Wait a minute." like I   then he said, "Wait a minute." like I have to open my eye my mind and realize have to open my eye my mind and realize   have to open my eye my mind and realize that this like AI engineers might that this like AI engineers might   that this like AI engineers might actually be better than me and I need to actually be better than me and I need to   actually be better than me and I need to be open to that. So it takes a lot of be open to that. So it takes a lot of   be open to that. So it takes a lot of humility, right? Um and a lot of a lot humility, right? Um and a lot of a lot   humility, right? Um and a lot of a lot of like introspection of like introspection   of like introspection um and so the best of the best are going um and so the best of the best are going   um and so the best of the best are going to be able to do that, right? They're to be able to do that, right? They're   to be able to do that, right? They're going to be humble, they're going to be going to be humble, they're going to be   going to be humble, they're going to be hungry, they're going to be elastic um hungry, they're going to be elastic um   hungry, they're going to be elastic um to to realize that. And then he to to realize that. And then he   to to realize that. And then he eventually he basically independently eventually he basically independently   eventually he basically independently came up with a system that was almost came up with a system that was almost   came up with a system that was almost exactly like AI dev task this whole exactly like AI dev task this whole   exactly like AI dev task this whole system um which was like okay let's plan system um which was like okay let's plan   system um which was like okay let's plan a PRD let's plan an implementation plan a PRD let's plan an implementation plan   a PRD let's plan an implementation plan you know and then let's execute it you know and then let's execute it   you know and then let's execute it slowly and carefully you know let's give slowly and carefully you know let's give   slowly and carefully you know let's give the agent ways to see um and so it's the agent ways to see um and so it's   the agent ways to see um and so it's almost like we're all evolving like almost like we're all evolving like   almost like we're all evolving like independently independently   independently into like a similar engineering into like a similar engineering   into like a similar engineering structure um so if you're watching this structure um so if you're watching this   structure um so if you're watching this and maybe your boss like doesn't believe and maybe your boss like doesn't believe   and maybe your boss like doesn't believe this stuff like leave and go to a this stuff like leave and go to a   this stuff like leave and go to a different company. Um it, you know, if different company. Um it, you know, if   different company. Um it, you know, if your board doesn't understand these your board doesn't understand these   your board doesn't understand these things, um you know, have them watch the things, um you know, have them watch the   things, um you know, have them watch the show show   show &gt;&gt; on the implementation plan that you're &gt;&gt; on the implementation plan that you're   &gt;&gt; on the implementation plan that you're going through and you walk through the going through and you walk through the   going through and you walk through the five steps of that implementation plan. five steps of that implementation plan.   five steps of that implementation plan. &gt;&gt; One thing that you had shared and this &gt;&gt; One thing that you had shared and this   &gt;&gt; One thing that you had shared and this has been instilled in me by Arman and has been instilled in me by Arman and   has been instilled in me by Arman and the engineers since day one at 10X is the engineers since day one at 10X is   the engineers since day one at 10X is like you don't want one-shot an entire like you don't want one-shot an entire   like you don't want one-shot an entire codebase, right? you break it into all codebase, right? you break it into all   codebase, right? you break it into all these component parts and you just these component parts and you just   these component parts and you just continue to massage it and work with it continue to massage it and work with it   continue to massage it and work with it so that there isn't um basically this so that there isn't um basically this   so that there isn't um basically this decay uh as you go from task to task. decay uh as you go from task to task.   decay uh as you go from task to task. When you're looking at the steps in an When you're looking at the steps in an   When you're looking at the steps in an implementation plan, what is your me implementation plan, what is your me   implementation plan, what is your me mental model for saying like this is mental model for saying like this is   mental model for saying like this is this is an appropriately sized task for this is an appropriately sized task for   this is an appropriately sized task for what I want the model to to work with what I want the model to to work with   what I want the model to to work with and actually complete or this is too and actually complete or this is too   and actually complete or this is too small and we can combine tasks or this small and we can combine tasks or this   small and we can combine tasks or this is too big we need to break it down. How is too big we need to break it down. How   is too big we need to break it down. How do you think through that? So, do you think through that? So,   do you think through that? So, unfortunately, there's no other way to unfortunately, there's no other way to   unfortunately, there's no other way to learn this than doing. Um, and I I'm learn this than doing. Um, and I I'm   learn this than doing. Um, and I I'm sure everyone, you know, that that is sure everyone, you know, that that is   sure everyone, you know, that that is watching has that has done this watching has that has done this   watching has that has done this understands what I mean is that you you understands what I mean is that you you   understands what I mean is that you you start off with asking the model to do start off with asking the model to do   start off with asking the model to do way too much, right? You fail even if way too much, right? You fail even if   way too much, right? You fail even if you plan it well. Like you realize, oh you plan it well. Like you realize, oh   you plan it well. Like you realize, oh my god, this PRD was actually should my god, this PRD was actually should   my god, this PRD was actually should have been like five features, right? And have been like five features, right? And   have been like five features, right? And you fail. Um, and hopefully you're on a you fail. Um, and hopefully you're on a   you fail. Um, and hopefully you're on a branch branch   branch and then you know and then you walk it and then you know and then you walk it   and then you know and then you walk it back and you try again, you try again back and you try again, you try again   back and you try again, you try again and then you basically get this you get and then you basically get this you get   and then you basically get this you get this feel for what the model is capable this feel for what the model is capable   this feel for what the model is capable of. Um, and it only comes by doing, of. Um, and it only comes by doing,   of. Um, and it only comes by doing, right? So you've got to like get your right? So you've got to like get your   right? So you've got to like get your hands dirty. Um, and this is what I keep hands dirty. Um, and this is what I keep   hands dirty. Um, and this is what I keep saying to people is just use the models, saying to people is just use the models,   saying to people is just use the models, right? You literally don't have an right? You literally don't have an   right? You literally don't have an excuse. AMP is free now. So like if if excuse. AMP is free now. So like if if   excuse. AMP is free now. So like if if you want to do that, it's free now. get you want to do that, it's free now. get   you want to do that, it's free now. get out there, try to build a feature, um, out there, try to build a feature, um,   out there, try to build a feature, um, and see what works and what doesn't. Um, and see what works and what doesn't. Um,   and see what works and what doesn't. Um, what you'll end up finding out is that what you'll end up finding out is that   what you'll end up finding out is that it's probably like a day of work max is it's probably like a day of work max is   it's probably like a day of work max is really what you should be building. Um, really what you should be building. Um,   really what you should be building. Um, if you can't ship it, you know, to prod if you can't ship it, you know, to prod   if you can't ship it, you know, to prod in one day, it's probably way too much. in one day, it's probably way too much.   in one day, it's probably way too much. So, um, So, um,   So, um, &gt;&gt; can I ask you a follow up on that? &gt;&gt; can I ask you a follow up on that?   &gt;&gt; can I ask you a follow up on that? &gt;&gt; Yeah. like generating that feel I think &gt;&gt; Yeah. like generating that feel I think   &gt;&gt; Yeah. like generating that feel I think is like if you take a step back and is like if you take a step back and   is like if you take a step back and forget about AI like Alex I think like forget about AI like Alex I think like   forget about AI like Alex I think like the way that you could frame that the way that you could frame that   the way that you could frame that question as well is like how do you how question as well is like how do you how   question as well is like how do you how can you define a task that is that you can you define a task that is that you   can you define a task that is that you can um delegate to a junior employee can um delegate to a junior employee   can um delegate to a junior employee right yes right yes   right yes &gt;&gt; but what's good is that most junior &gt;&gt; but what's good is that most junior   &gt;&gt; but what's good is that most junior employees are somewhat similar and if employees are somewhat similar and if   employees are somewhat similar and if you manage a junior employee for two you manage a junior employee for two   you manage a junior employee for two years you kind of know what they can years you kind of know what they can   years you kind of know what they can handle I think what's really tough about handle I think what's really tough about   handle I think what's really tough about developing that same feel for AI is that developing that same feel for AI is that   developing that same feel for AI is that these models are getting better so f so these models are getting better so f so   these models are getting better so f so quickly and not only the models now we quickly and not only the models now we   quickly and not only the models now we have the application layer with agents have the application layer with agents   have the application layer with agents that are also getting better so like that are also getting better so like   that are also getting better so like there's another vector that we have to there's another vector that we have to   there's another vector that we have to measure progress in how do you and we measure progress in how do you and we   measure progress in how do you and we get this question all the time I see get this question all the time I see   get this question all the time I see people asking in the chat how do you people asking in the chat how do you   people asking in the chat how do you keep track of that feel with all these keep track of that feel with all these   keep track of that feel with all these different variables that are changing different variables that are changing   different variables that are changing &gt;&gt; I mean it's hard it there's just &gt;&gt; I mean it's hard it there's just   &gt;&gt; I mean it's hard it there's just basically no other way than doing it. basically no other way than doing it.   basically no other way than doing it. Um, so I'll tell you a couple things Um, so I'll tell you a couple things   Um, so I'll tell you a couple things like um, and you'll see actually the like um, and you'll see actually the   like um, and you'll see actually the model just made a mistake there and I model just made a mistake there and I   model just made a mistake there and I had to go back and do it. Um, and had to go back and do it. Um, and   had to go back and do it. Um, and basically it started implementing first basically it started implementing first   basically it started implementing first and didn't create the branch like this and didn't create the branch like this   and didn't create the branch like this stuff happens, right? Um, and so I think stuff happens, right? Um, and so I think   stuff happens, right? Um, and so I think part of this is just learning well how part of this is just learning well how   part of this is just learning well how do you deal with stuff uh, when it goes do you deal with stuff uh, when it goes   do you deal with stuff uh, when it goes wrong? Um, so what I just did there is I wrong? Um, so what I just did there is I   wrong? Um, so what I just did there is I tab back up and said you know create the tab back up and said you know create the   tab back up and said you know create the future branch first and then it did it future branch first and then it did it   future branch first and then it did it and now it's cranking again. So, um, you and now it's cranking again. So, um, you   and now it's cranking again. So, um, you know, we're in an age, I think, where know, we're in an age, I think, where   know, we're in an age, I think, where it's funny, and I I tweeted this out the it's funny, and I I tweeted this out the   it's funny, and I I tweeted this out the other day. You know, people thought that other day. You know, people thought that   other day. You know, people thought that agents were going to end the work of agents were going to end the work of   agents were going to end the work of engineers, right? And actually, it's engineers, right? And actually, it's   engineers, right? And actually, it's it's a 180 degrees the opposite, right? it's a 180 degrees the opposite, right?   it's a 180 degrees the opposite, right? What it turns out is that if you're What it turns out is that if you're   What it turns out is that if you're willing to be technical um and learn, willing to be technical um and learn,   willing to be technical um and learn, you can actually do 10x as more um as you can actually do 10x as more um as   you can actually do 10x as more um as you all know. Um, but if you don't, then you all know. Um, but if you don't, then   you all know. Um, but if you don't, then you're going to be absolutely left you're going to be absolutely left   you're going to be absolutely left behind. So, I think we have to sort of behind. So, I think we have to sort of   behind. So, I think we have to sort of go into this mode of saying, I'm going go into this mode of saying, I'm going   go into this mode of saying, I'm going to now become even more technical to now become even more technical   to now become even more technical because I can be. Um, and I want to give because I can be. Um, and I want to give   because I can be. Um, and I want to give everybody some encouragement. Like, yes, everybody some encouragement. Like, yes,   everybody some encouragement. Like, yes, I have a computer science degree, but I I have a computer science degree, but I   I have a computer science degree, but I got it 25 years ago. Like, I'm not some got it 25 years ago. Like, I'm not some   got it 25 years ago. Like, I'm not some new engineer, you know, that's like some new engineer, you know, that's like some   new engineer, you know, that's like some cracked, you know, engineer that's cracked, you know, engineer that's   cracked, you know, engineer that's doing, you know, 996 here. I'm kind of doing, you know, 996 here. I'm kind of   doing, you know, 996 here. I'm kind of an old guy that basically rettaught an old guy that basically rettaught   an old guy that basically rettaught myself how to code with agents and I myself how to code with agents and I   myself how to code with agents and I become this technical and anybody can do become this technical and anybody can do   become this technical and anybody can do this if they're curious. Um, you can and this if they're curious. Um, you can and   this if they're curious. Um, you can and even if it's not you you don't end up even if it's not you you don't end up   even if it's not you you don't end up shipping to prod like if you're leading shipping to prod like if you're leading   shipping to prod like if you're leading a team and you are shipping things on a team and you are shipping things on   a team and you are shipping things on your own or on the side or at home then your own or on the side or at home then   your own or on the side or at home then it makes you more credible, more it makes you more credible, more   it makes you more credible, more powerful and more intelligent. So, powerful and more intelligent. So,   powerful and more intelligent. So, &gt;&gt; so is what you're saying I just want to &gt;&gt; so is what you're saying I just want to   &gt;&gt; so is what you're saying I just want to make sure that I'm understanding what make sure that I'm understanding what   make sure that I'm understanding what you're saying correctly. Is what you're you're saying correctly. Is what you're   you're saying correctly. Is what you're saying that the people who use lovable saying that the people who use lovable   saying that the people who use lovable vzero replet who have no computer vzero replet who have no computer   vzero replet who have no computer science background can also use this science background can also use this   science background can also use this exact same workflow. This is not exact same workflow. This is not   exact same workflow. This is not necessarily for people who have necessarily for people who have   necessarily for people who have engineering backgrounds. Is that engineering backgrounds. Is that   engineering backgrounds. Is that correct? correct?   correct? &gt;&gt; Amen. Yes. Now, is it going to happen &gt;&gt; Amen. Yes. Now, is it going to happen   &gt;&gt; Amen. Yes. Now, is it going to happen quick and is it going to be easy? No. quick and is it going to be easy? No.   quick and is it going to be easy? No. Right. So, there's going to be a lot of Right. So, there's going to be a lot of   Right. So, there's going to be a lot of pain along the way, but it's just like pain along the way, but it's just like   pain along the way, but it's just like working out. I mean, it turns out working out. I mean, it turns out   working out. I mean, it turns out there's like no shortcuts ever in life, there's like no shortcuts ever in life,   there's like no shortcuts ever in life, right, for anything ever. So, so, so right, for anything ever. So, so, so   right, for anything ever. So, so, so what I am saying is that if you are what I am saying is that if you are   what I am saying is that if you are willing to do hard work and you're willing to do hard work and you're   willing to do hard work and you're willing to go through pain, absolutely willing to go through pain, absolutely   willing to go through pain, absolutely you can actually become an engineer, you can actually become an engineer,   you can actually become an engineer, right? You can start with a lovable, you right? You can start with a lovable, you   right? You can start with a lovable, you know, with a bolt to ship your first app know, with a bolt to ship your first app   know, with a bolt to ship your first app and have that feeling and then you can and have that feeling and then you can   and have that feeling and then you can transition into a really good agent like transition into a really good agent like   transition into a really good agent like an AMP or a clog code and then take that an AMP or a clog code and then take that   an AMP or a clog code and then take that and go further. Um, but yes, anybody can and go further. Um, but yes, anybody can   and go further. Um, but yes, anybody can do this. And the reason why I know that do this. And the reason why I know that   do this. And the reason why I know that is, so my last startup was called is, so my last startup was called   is, so my last startup was called Treehouse, you know, and and we taught a Treehouse, you know, and and we taught a   Treehouse, you know, and and we taught a million people how to code, right? So I million people how to code, right? So I   million people how to code, right? So I know a lot about how to learn, you know, know a lot about how to learn, you know,   know a lot about how to learn, you know, how to teach people how to code. And how to teach people how to code. And   how to teach people how to code. And I'll tell you, if they had an agent like I'll tell you, if they had an agent like   I'll tell you, if they had an agent like this, then anybody can learn how to this, then anybody can learn how to   this, then anybody can learn how to code. So code. So   code. So &gt;&gt; um, so what's happening what's happening &gt;&gt; um, so what's happening what's happening   &gt;&gt; um, so what's happening what's happening here, you know, it's just cranking, here, you know, it's just cranking,   here, you know, it's just cranking, right? So if we go over, um, it looks right? So if we go over, um, it looks   right? So if we go over, um, it looks like it's basically done implementing. like it's basically done implementing.   like it's basically done implementing. it's running a build. Um, you know, and it's running a build. Um, you know, and   it's running a build. Um, you know, and there'll be a a lot of testing and there'll be a a lot of testing and   there'll be a a lot of testing and checking here, um, to see if it's checking here, um, to see if it's   checking here, um, to see if it's working correctly. But the gist of what working correctly. But the gist of what   working correctly. But the gist of what to do here, you know, I showed I showed to do here, you know, I showed I showed   to do here, you know, I showed I showed you live, right? Um, you live, right? Um,   you live, right? Um, &gt;&gt; so it's pretty exciting. &gt;&gt; so it's pretty exciting.   &gt;&gt; so it's pretty exciting. &gt;&gt; Can I ask you another question? Um, &gt;&gt; Can I ask you another question? Um,   &gt;&gt; Can I ask you another question? Um, &gt;&gt; as many as you want. something &gt;&gt; as many as you want. something   &gt;&gt; as many as you want. something &gt;&gt; something that [laughter] &gt;&gt; something that [laughter]   &gt;&gt; something that [laughter] something that we hear is like I'm something that we hear is like I'm   something that we hear is like I'm trying to touch on a bunch of the trying to touch on a bunch of the   trying to touch on a bunch of the different things that I hear when I talk different things that I hear when I talk   different things that I hear when I talk to uh to companies. One of them is like to uh to companies. One of them is like   to uh to companies. One of them is like if you don't know how to code, you can't if you don't know how to code, you can't   if you don't know how to code, you can't use these things. You just debunked use these things. You just debunked   use these things. You just debunked that. Another one is I was talking to a that. Another one is I was talking to a   that. Another one is I was talking to a company today. They said we have a company today. They said we have a   company today. They said we have a million lines of code that have been million lines of code that have been   million lines of code that have been developed over 15 years. So every new developed over 15 years. So every new   developed over 15 years. So every new CTO or senior VP of engineering or CTO or senior VP of engineering or   CTO or senior VP of engineering or whatever that's come in has brought in a whatever that's come in has brought in a   whatever that's come in has brought in a different pattern that they prefer for different pattern that they prefer for   different pattern that they prefer for developing an API or component on the developing an API or component on the   developing an API or component on the front end or whatever it may be. And so front end or whatever it may be. And so   front end or whatever it may be. And so there's no pattern that is the source of there's no pattern that is the source of   there's no pattern that is the source of truth in the codebase. truth in the codebase.   truth in the codebase. We've seen a lot on Twitter people talk We've seen a lot on Twitter people talk   We've seen a lot on Twitter people talk about AI is great for startups but it's about AI is great for startups but it's   about AI is great for startups but it's awful for like big legacy code bases. awful for like big legacy code bases.   awful for like big legacy code bases. What do you think about that? Does this What do you think about that? Does this   What do you think about that? Does this workflow work for huge legacy code workflow work for huge legacy code   workflow work for huge legacy code bases? bases?   bases? Uh absolutely. Um but with care, right? Uh absolutely. Um but with care, right?   Uh absolutely. Um but with care, right? So uh I'm showing you another screen So uh I'm showing you another screen   So uh I'm showing you another screen here. We'll zoom in a little bit. Um here. We'll zoom in a little bit. Um   here. We'll zoom in a little bit. Um this is lazy git just to kind of show this is lazy git just to kind of show   this is lazy git just to kind of show you what's going on uh on the git side you what's going on uh on the git side   you what's going on uh on the git side of things. Um of things. Um   of things. Um &gt;&gt; so [clears throat] now with large with &gt;&gt; so [clears throat] now with large with   &gt;&gt; so [clears throat] now with large with large code bases, I think what you have large code bases, I think what you have   large code bases, I think what you have to understand here is that um just like to understand here is that um just like   to understand here is that um just like there isn't any easy fix uh if you there isn't any easy fix uh if you   there isn't any easy fix uh if you brought in a consultant, there's not brought in a consultant, there's not   brought in a consultant, there's not going to be a fix just because you're going to be a fix just because you're   going to be a fix just because you're using agents, right? Um I think with using agents, right? Um I think with   using agents, right? Um I think with large legacy code bases um we have a a large legacy code bases um we have a a   large legacy code bases um we have a a first world example with uh with first world example with uh with   first world example with uh with booking. So Booking.com booking. So Booking.com   booking. So Booking.com uh they happen to be a customer of AMP uh they happen to be a customer of AMP   uh they happen to be a customer of AMP and they're completely replatforming and they're completely replatforming   and they're completely replatforming uh uh from I believe it's Pearl right to uh uh from I believe it's Pearl right to   uh uh from I believe it's Pearl right to a modern stack. And what they're finding a modern stack. And what they're finding   a modern stack. And what they're finding is that, you know, you can replplatform is that, you know, you can replplatform   is that, you know, you can replplatform an entire codebase much faster with with an entire codebase much faster with with   an entire codebase much faster with with AI engineering um uh because you can AI engineering um uh because you can   AI engineering um uh because you can refactor a lot faster, right? So refactor a lot faster, right? So   refactor a lot faster, right? So &gt;&gt; yes, I I think what happens as well is &gt;&gt; yes, I I think what happens as well is   &gt;&gt; yes, I I think what happens as well is your backlog gets uh gets plowed through your backlog gets uh gets plowed through   your backlog gets uh gets plowed through a lot faster. Um you'll have a lot of a lot faster. Um you'll have a lot of   a lot faster. Um you'll have a lot of these um technical debt issues, right? these um technical debt issues, right?   these um technical debt issues, right? where now you're able to deploy, you where now you're able to deploy, you   where now you're able to deploy, you know, an agent pretty fast to get know, an agent pretty fast to get   know, an agent pretty fast to get something that you feel comfortable with something that you feel comfortable with   something that you feel comfortable with and then ship that whereas you probably and then ship that whereas you probably   and then ship that whereas you probably just wouldn't have time to even get to just wouldn't have time to even get to   just wouldn't have time to even get to that backlog before, right? As we are that backlog before, right? As we are   that backlog before, right? As we are talking about all these things, you are talking about all these things, you are   talking about all these things, you are still building this feature. So, let's still building this feature. So, let's   still building this feature. So, let's bring it back to that. What is the bring it back to that. What is the   bring it back to that. What is the what's the current status of the what's the current status of the   what's the current status of the feature? feature?   feature? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so what you're looking at here &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so what you're looking at here   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so what you're looking at here is lazy git, which is just a a twoe um is lazy git, which is just a a twoe um   is lazy git, which is just a a twoe um way to see what's happening inside of way to see what's happening inside of   way to see what's happening inside of git. I would actually encourage you like git. I would actually encourage you like   git. I would actually encourage you like if you're using an agent if you're using an agent   if you're using an agent try using lazy git because it gives you try using lazy git because it gives you   try using lazy git because it gives you a visual understanding of like what is a visual understanding of like what is   a visual understanding of like what is happening here with this branch like happening here with this branch like   happening here with this branch like what's checked out what's checked in what's checked out what's checked in   what's checked out what's checked in what's happening right uh and again the what's happening right uh and again the   what's happening right uh and again the more technical you can become the more more technical you can become the more   more technical you can become the more powerful uh you'll become right so you powerful uh you'll become right so you   powerful uh you'll become right so you can see on the left here these are the can see on the left here these are the   can see on the left here these are the changes um I'm going to make this a changes um I'm going to make this a   changes um I'm going to make this a little bigger for you all little bigger for you all   little bigger for you all even go even bigger okay um so we even go even bigger okay um so we   even go even bigger okay um so we modified the layout of the app, right? modified the layout of the app, right?   modified the layout of the app, right? So, and again, looking at a diff is also So, and again, looking at a diff is also   So, and again, looking at a diff is also a good way to get used to coding with a good way to get used to coding with   a good way to get used to coding with agents, right? You need to get pretty agents, right? You need to get pretty   agents, right? You need to get pretty comfortable with like, okay, what comfortable with like, okay, what   comfortable with like, okay, what changed and what didn't and how do I changed and what didn't and how do I   changed and what didn't and how do I review that? Um, so right now I'm in our review that? Um, so right now I'm in our   review that? Um, so right now I'm in our main uh layout for the app and you can main uh layout for the app and you can   main uh layout for the app and you can start to see okay um you know what start to see okay um you know what   start to see okay um you know what actually happened here. Um uh we add uh actually happened here. Um uh we add uh   actually happened here. Um uh we add uh we remove the chat area uh and the we remove the chat area uh and the   we remove the chat area uh and the signed in bit. Um, we've got the signed in bit. Um, we've got the   signed in bit. Um, we've got the conditional help button moving around. conditional help button moving around.   conditional help button moving around. So, there's a couple changes uh in that So, there's a couple changes uh in that   So, there's a couple changes uh in that file. Um, in our components, so these file. Um, in our components, so these   file. Um, in our components, so these are a couple brand new components. You are a couple brand new components. You   are a couple brand new components. You can see it's all green, right? So, this can see it's all green, right? So, this   can see it's all green, right? So, this is all new code. And again, this will is all new code. And again, this will   is all new code. And again, this will this depending on where our our friends this depending on where our our friends   this depending on where our our friends at that are are watching. I see some at that are are watching. I see some   at that are are watching. I see some friends in the audience. Tim, what's up? friends in the audience. Tim, what's up?   friends in the audience. Tim, what's up? Good to see you. Um, keep those comments Good to see you. Um, keep those comments   Good to see you. Um, keep those comments coming in. We we we live off them. Um coming in. We we we live off them. Um   coming in. We we we live off them. Um this is technical yes but just keep in this is technical yes but just keep in   this is technical yes but just keep in mind like I hadn't shipped code to mind like I hadn't shipped code to   mind like I hadn't shipped code to production. Um let me just walk you production. Um let me just walk you   production. Um let me just walk you through the story and like so you don't through the story and like so you don't   through the story and like so you don't feel as bad watching this. So I got my feel as bad watching this. So I got my   feel as bad watching this. So I got my computer science degree. I was a web computer science degree. I was a web   computer science degree. I was a web developer but you know basically a web developer but you know basically a web   developer but you know basically a web developer. I wasn't shipping like crazy developer. I wasn't shipping like crazy   developer. I wasn't shipping like crazy seale um you know systems and then I seale um you know systems and then I   seale um you know systems and then I started my first company which I built started my first company which I built   started my first company which I built myself that was acquired and then my myself that was acquired and then my   myself that was acquired and then my second company I started hiring devs second company I started hiring devs   second company I started hiring devs right and by the time I built treehouse right and by the time I built treehouse   right and by the time I built treehouse you know we had a CTO VP of edge you know we had a CTO VP of edge   you know we had a CTO VP of edge engineering managers product managers engineering managers product managers   engineering managers product managers designers you know I had this whole designers you know I had this whole   designers you know I had this whole apparatus and I stopped coding um and apparatus and I stopped coding um and   apparatus and I stopped coding um and then uh trials was acquired and then uh then uh trials was acquired and then uh   then uh trials was acquired and then uh back in 20 I think it was 20 back in 20 I think it was 20   back in 20 I think it was 20 I think it was like mid 22 23 started to I think it was like mid 22 23 started to   I think it was like mid 22 23 started to teach myself how to code again with teach myself how to code again with   teach myself how to code again with large language models and now I'm to the large language models and now I'm to the   large language models and now I'm to the point where like I can look at a diff point where like I can look at a diff   point where like I can look at a diff and lazy get and I feel completely and lazy get and I feel completely   and lazy get and I feel completely comfortable. So you all can do this, comfortable. So you all can do this,   comfortable. So you all can do this, right? You just have to put in the time right? You just have to put in the time   right? You just have to put in the time and the effort uh and be uncomfortable, and the effort uh and be uncomfortable,   and the effort uh and be uncomfortable, right? So what we're seeing here is all right? So what we're seeing here is all   right? So what we're seeing here is all right. Um the agent, you know, wrote right. Um the agent, you know, wrote   right. Um the agent, you know, wrote some new code for this component. This some new code for this component. This   some new code for this component. This is pretty straightforward. Um uh this is is pretty straightforward. Um uh this is   is pretty straightforward. Um uh this is the warning. Um this is the uh actual uh the warning. Um this is the uh actual uh   the warning. Um this is the uh actual uh uh TSX, right? So we're looking at this uh TSX, right? So we're looking at this   uh TSX, right? So we're looking at this is a call out. It's got alert triangle. is a call out. It's got alert triangle.   is a call out. It's got alert triangle. and it's talking about um uh you're and it's talking about um uh you're   and it's talking about um uh you're going to be logged out a certain amount going to be logged out a certain amount   going to be logged out a certain amount of time. So, you're just kind of of time. So, you're just kind of   of time. So, you're just kind of understanding like what happened here understanding like what happened here   understanding like what happened here when the agent was working. We've got a when the agent was working. We've got a   when the agent was working. We've got a couple hooks that trigger the warning. couple hooks that trigger the warning.   couple hooks that trigger the warning. Um and then we've got the PRD which we Um and then we've got the PRD which we   Um and then we've got the PRD which we worked on and the task which we worked worked on and the task which we worked   worked on and the task which we worked on. Um so that's basically what on. Um so that's basically what   on. Um so that's basically what happened. Let's go back into uh the happened. Let's go back into uh the   happened. Let's go back into uh the other um uh we've got ghosty over here. other um uh we've got ghosty over here.   other um uh we've got ghosty over here. You can see on the left part of the the You can see on the left part of the the   You can see on the left part of the the system I have is just remember to check system I have is just remember to check   system I have is just remember to check these things off as you do them. So the these things off as you do them. So the   these things off as you do them. So the agent is coming here checking off tasks agent is coming here checking off tasks   agent is coming here checking off tasks as it finishes them. Um and this is a as it finishes them. Um and this is a   as it finishes them. Um and this is a slight modification. So when I shipped slight modification. So when I shipped   slight modification. So when I shipped this repo uh I think over a year ago this repo uh I think over a year ago   this repo uh I think over a year ago there was a third step where it there was a third step where it   there was a third step where it basically said okay agent um you're only basically said okay agent um you're only   basically said okay agent um you're only allowed to do one task at a time and I allowed to do one task at a time and I   allowed to do one task at a time and I have to say continue every time. Um, and have to say continue every time. Um, and   have to say continue every time. Um, and if if you remember these days, like hit if if you remember these days, like hit   if if you remember these days, like hit me up in the comments and say, I me up in the comments and say, I   me up in the comments and say, I remember when you had to like have your remember when you had to like have your   remember when you had to like have your agent on a tight leash. Um, and you agent on a tight leash. Um, and you   agent on a tight leash. Um, and you couldn't let it do much. But now, I couldn't let it do much. But now, I   couldn't let it do much. But now, I mean, the agent can pretty much execute mean, the agent can pretty much execute   mean, the agent can pretty much execute this plan uh autonomously and you can this plan uh autonomously and you can   this plan uh autonomously and you can check on it. So, that's kind of what check on it. So, that's kind of what   check on it. So, that's kind of what happened here. Um, so got a bunch of happened here. Um, so got a bunch of   happened here. Um, so got a bunch of good questions as well. Um, Arman, I'll good questions as well. Um, Arman, I'll   good questions as well. Um, Arman, I'll let you kind of or Alex, I'll let you let you kind of or Alex, I'll let you   let you kind of or Alex, I'll let you kind of guide us here on on how you want kind of guide us here on on how you want   kind of guide us here on on how you want to take this. to take this.   to take this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No. So, uh, Joe was saying a cool &gt;&gt; Yeah. No. So, uh, Joe was saying a cool   &gt;&gt; Yeah. No. So, uh, Joe was saying a cool resource for us would be suggested tech resource for us would be suggested tech   resource for us would be suggested tech stack by use case for front end and back stack by use case for front end and back   stack by use case for front end and back end. Like I feel like, end. Like I feel like,   end. Like I feel like, and this reminds me of just the question and this reminds me of just the question   and this reminds me of just the question in the very beginning. Um, let me see if in the very beginning. Um, let me see if   in the very beginning. Um, let me see if I can find it. Someone was basically I can find it. Someone was basically   I can find it. Someone was basically like, how do you stay up to date with like, how do you stay up to date with   like, how do you stay up to date with kind of the the pace of changes to these kind of the the pace of changes to these   kind of the the pace of changes to these models and to these products? Because models and to these products? Because   models and to these products? Because this is something that even Arman and I this is something that even Arman and I   this is something that even Arman and I talk about all the time with our talk about all the time with our   talk about all the time with our engineers is like if we were to ask our engineers is like if we were to ask our   engineers is like if we were to ask our engineers today what their go-to stack engineers today what their go-to stack   engineers today what their go-to stack was for their AI workflows and we were was for their AI workflows and we were   was for their AI workflows and we were ask them last week and they we were ask ask them last week and they we were ask   ask them last week and they we were ask them next week they would all be them next week they would all be   them next week they would all be different likely. And so I think that different likely. And so I think that   different likely. And so I think that can be that's both exciting because the can be that's both exciting because the   can be that's both exciting because the pace of change in this technology but pace of change in this technology but   pace of change in this technology but it's also it can be like nauseating. um it's also it can be like nauseating. um   it's also it can be like nauseating. um how do you try to stay on top like how do you try to stay on top like   how do you try to stay on top like basically what is your process for basically what is your process for   basically what is your process for testing and optimizing your workflow testing and optimizing your workflow   testing and optimizing your workflow without it like almost becoming without it like almost becoming   without it like almost becoming counterproductive? counterproductive?   counterproductive? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I'll tell you the first thing &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I'll tell you the first thing   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I'll tell you the first thing I'll do is I'll uh uh pitch a show that I'll do is I'll uh uh pitch a show that   I'll do is I'll uh uh pitch a show that I always listen to which is called um I always listen to which is called um   I always listen to which is called um how I AI by ClaVo. how I AI by ClaVo.   how I AI by ClaVo. &gt;&gt; Yep. We're big fans of Claire. in &gt;&gt; Yep. We're big fans of Claire. in   &gt;&gt; Yep. We're big fans of Claire. in addition to 10x and everything you're addition to 10x and everything you're   addition to 10x and everything you're doing um everybody should subscribe to doing um everybody should subscribe to   doing um everybody should subscribe to us, right? So, this is a good way of us, right? So, this is a good way of   us, right? So, this is a good way of like I just need to make sure that I'm like I just need to make sure that I'm   like I just need to make sure that I'm vaguely aware of what's going on and vaguely aware of what's going on and   vaguely aware of what's going on and Claire, you know, has a 30 minute show Claire, you know, has a 30 minute show   Claire, you know, has a 30 minute show and you get up to date pretty fast. So, and you get up to date pretty fast. So,   and you get up to date pretty fast. So, that's one show that really matters. Um that's one show that really matters. Um   that's one show that really matters. Um I think the other thing I'll say is is I think the other thing I'll say is is   I think the other thing I'll say is is maybe listen to like two podcasts and maybe listen to like two podcasts and   maybe listen to like two podcasts and that's it, right? Because it does become that's it, right? Because it does become   that's it, right? Because it does become overwhelming. Um, and I would say if you overwhelming. Um, and I would say if you   overwhelming. Um, and I would say if you start to build something then it will start to build something then it will   start to build something then it will give you essentially what do you need to give you essentially what do you need to   give you essentially what do you need to know to stay up to date. So for instance know to stay up to date. So for instance   know to stay up to date. So for instance why am I on next.js. So when I wanted to why am I on next.js. So when I wanted to   why am I on next.js. So when I wanted to build my first app I was like okay you build my first app I was like okay you   build my first app I was like okay you know I want a interactive front end you know I want a interactive front end you   know I want a interactive front end you know so I'll and I I know Python so I'll know so I'll and I I know Python so I'll   know so I'll and I I know Python so I'll write the back end in Python and the write the back end in Python and the   write the back end in Python and the front end and you know some sort of front end and you know some sort of   front end and you know some sort of JavaScript framework and then and then I JavaScript framework and then and then I   JavaScript framework and then and then I was like uh how do I do this? And then I was like uh how do I do this? And then I   was like uh how do I do this? And then I was like, "Oh, next.js is Typescript was like, "Oh, next.js is Typescript   was like, "Oh, next.js is Typescript front end, back end. I'm just going to front end, back end. I'm just going to   front end, back end. I'm just going to choose that." Um, and so I'll say if choose that." Um, and so I'll say if   choose that." Um, and so I'll say if you're overwhelmed by this, then just you're overwhelmed by this, then just   you're overwhelmed by this, then just start building one thing and and cut out start building one thing and and cut out   start building one thing and and cut out the noise, right? Um, I think so, for the noise, right? Um, I think so, for   the noise, right? Um, I think so, for instance, you could get obsessed with instance, you could get obsessed with   instance, you could get obsessed with like, well, am I using the right model? like, well, am I using the right model?   like, well, am I using the right model? Am I using the right stack? You know, am Am I using the right stack? You know, am   Am I using the right stack? You know, am I using the right PRD? Um, but I would I using the right PRD? Um, but I would   I using the right PRD? Um, but I would say it's easy to become overwhelmed and say it's easy to become overwhelmed and   say it's easy to become overwhelmed and I think you just need to build, right? I think you just need to build, right?   I think you just need to build, right? Cuz it starts to cut out the noise, Cuz it starts to cut out the noise,   Cuz it starts to cut out the noise, right? So, if you say, "I have an idea right? So, if you say, "I have an idea   right? So, if you say, "I have an idea for an app and I just need to understand for an app and I just need to understand   for an app and I just need to understand how to do this stuff," then pick how to do this stuff," then pick   how to do this stuff," then pick something you care about, right? And it something you care about, right? And it   something you care about, right? And it could be um, you know, you know a lot could be um, you know, you know a lot   could be um, you know, you know a lot about flooring tiles and you want to about flooring tiles and you want to   about flooring tiles and you want to ship a simple app that helps people buy, ship a simple app that helps people buy,   ship a simple app that helps people buy, you know, from wholesale better. Okay, you know, from wholesale better. Okay,   you know, from wholesale better. Okay, just use Next.js. I'll just tell you just use Next.js. I'll just tell you   just use Next.js. I'll just tell you that. Like, if you want to stack, just that. Like, if you want to stack, just   that. Like, if you want to stack, just choose Next.js. JS the agents are really choose Next.js. JS the agents are really   choose Next.js. JS the agents are really good at it right and just start there good at it right and just start there   good at it right and just start there you know probably ship it on Verscell you know probably ship it on Verscell   you know probably ship it on Verscell because it makes um deploying easy you because it makes um deploying easy you   because it makes um deploying easy you know use a Postgres database from know use a Postgres database from   know use a Postgres database from Verscell so probably Neon there's a Verscell so probably Neon there's a   Verscell so probably Neon there's a couple of these choices that just do couple of these choices that just do   couple of these choices that just do them and don't be obsessed with every them and don't be obsessed with every   them and don't be obsessed with every single little detail um and then ship single little detail um and then ship   single little detail um and then ship your first thing and then you'll be like your first thing and then you'll be like   your first thing and then you'll be like okay here's what I need to care about okay here's what I need to care about   okay here's what I need to care about right um and eventually you'll end up right um and eventually you'll end up   right um and eventually you'll end up sort of adapting like today I just sort of adapting like today I just   sort of adapting like today I just signed up for linear because I'm like I signed up for linear because I'm like I   signed up for linear because I'm like I need to track you know my issues better. need to track you know my issues better.   need to track you know my issues better. So uh versus like I need to set up my So uh versus like I need to set up my   So uh versus like I need to set up my perfect stack from day one which will perfect stack from day one which will   perfect stack from day one which will paralyze you. paralyze you.   paralyze you. &gt;&gt; Mhm. Let me ask you a similar question &gt;&gt; Mhm. Let me ask you a similar question   &gt;&gt; Mhm. Let me ask you a similar question but about like your AI stack because but about like your AI stack because   but about like your AI stack because we're getting a few different questions we're getting a few different questions   we're getting a few different questions about this. I think what's like when about this. I think what's like when   about this. I think what's like when when chatbt first came out and we were when chatbt first came out and we were   when chatbt first came out and we were all using 3.5 like the workflow was like all using 3.5 like the workflow was like   all using 3.5 like the workflow was like there was one model there was one tool there was one model there was one tool   there was one model there was one tool there was one workflow. Right. there was one workflow. Right.   there was one workflow. Right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Now there are dozens of models &gt;&gt; Yeah. Now there are dozens of models   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Now there are dozens of models each with competing uh skills or each with competing uh skills or   each with competing uh skills or whatever like they each do different whatever like they each do different   whatever like they each do different things. because they're each coded things. because they're each coded   things. because they're each coded different things, but like there's a different things, but like there's a   different things, but like there's a bunch of different models. There's a bunch of different models. There's a   bunch of different models. There's a bunch of different applications, right? bunch of different applications, right?   bunch of different applications, right? Whether it's AMP, cursor, uh, claude Whether it's AMP, cursor, uh, claude   Whether it's AMP, cursor, uh, claude code, chat, claude, there's a bunch of code, chat, claude, there's a bunch of   code, chat, claude, there's a bunch of different apps, and then there's a different apps, and then there's a   different apps, and then there's a number of workflows. And what you just number of workflows. And what you just   number of workflows. And what you just walked us through, I would say, is a walked us through, I would say, is a   walked us through, I would say, is a workflow, but I'm sure you have a bunch workflow, but I'm sure you have a bunch   workflow, but I'm sure you have a bunch of other workflows. What do you think of other workflows. What do you think   of other workflows. What do you think people should spend most of their time people should spend most of their time   people should spend most of their time optimizing? because we saw a bunch of optimizing? because we saw a bunch of   optimizing? because we saw a bunch of questions about what is the best model questions about what is the best model   questions about what is the best model and a lot of people argue about cursor and a lot of people argue about cursor   and a lot of people argue about cursor versus cloud code versus amp versus versus cloud code versus amp versus   versus cloud code versus amp versus whatever and then but what I've seen is whatever and then but what I've seen is   whatever and then but what I've seen is that a really good workflow is what that a really good workflow is what   that a really good workflow is what takes you from like crap to production takes you from like crap to production   takes you from like crap to production and so my bias is that last one but I'm and so my bias is that last one but I'm   and so my bias is that last one but I'm curious how you think about this. curious how you think about this.   curious how you think about this. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can get paralyzed with with &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can get paralyzed with with   &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can get paralyzed with with model choice alone. Um, and so this is model choice alone. Um, and so this is   model choice alone. Um, and so this is actually part of the reason I joined actually part of the reason I joined   actually part of the reason I joined AMP. Um, so you know, I'm a founder, I'm AMP. Um, so you know, I'm a founder, I'm   AMP. Um, so you know, I'm a founder, I'm a builder, like it it's it's not normal a builder, like it it's it's not normal   a builder, like it it's it's not normal to join a company as an employer. Um, to join a company as an employer. Um,   to join a company as an employer. Um, and the reason why I joined AMP is and the reason why I joined AMP is   and the reason why I joined AMP is because they it one of the many reasons because they it one of the many reasons   because they it one of the many reasons is they're very entrepreneurial as a is they're very entrepreneurial as a   is they're very entrepreneurial as a team, but they don't have a model team, but they don't have a model   team, but they don't have a model selector, right? And so what what do I selector, right? And so what what do I   selector, right? And so what what do I mean by that? Well, so when you're using mean by that? Well, so when you're using   mean by that? Well, so when you're using various agents, sometimes you have to various agents, sometimes you have to   various agents, sometimes you have to choose the model. And the problem is choose the model. And the problem is   choose the model. And the problem is knowing what model for the right task is knowing what model for the right task is   knowing what model for the right task is very hard to do. And so I would say and very hard to do. And so I would say and   very hard to do. And so I would say and again I'm you know AMP is free so we're again I'm you know AMP is free so we're   again I'm you know AMP is free so we're not making revenue off you uh by using not making revenue off you uh by using   not making revenue off you uh by using it. But if you use it we don't have a it. But if you use it we don't have a   it. But if you use it we don't have a model selector. And the whole reason why model selector. And the whole reason why   model selector. And the whole reason why is because building the agent harness, is because building the agent harness,   is because building the agent harness, right? All of the elbow grease you have right? All of the elbow grease you have   right? All of the elbow grease you have to put in around the large language to put in around the large language   to put in around the large language model is very hard and it's very model is very hard and it's very   model is very hard and it's very dependent on the specific model, right? dependent on the specific model, right?   dependent on the specific model, right? So Gemini 2.5 flash is different than So Gemini 2.5 flash is different than   So Gemini 2.5 flash is different than Gemini 2.5 flash light is different than Gemini 2.5 flash light is different than   Gemini 2.5 flash light is different than Pro is different than GPT5. Like they Pro is different than GPT5. Like they   Pro is different than GPT5. Like they all have extremely different behaviors, all have extremely different behaviors,   all have extremely different behaviors, right? Um, and so I would say honestly right? Um, and so I would say honestly   right? Um, and so I would say honestly just use AMP. Like we don't The point is just use AMP. Like we don't The point is   just use AMP. Like we don't The point is you don't have to choose the model. So you don't have to choose the model. So   you don't have to choose the model. So let's say you do that. Um, I think then let's say you do that. Um, I think then   let's say you do that. Um, I think then when it comes to to everything else you when it comes to to everything else you   when it comes to to everything else you have to choose and I'm sorry my Shelty have to choose and I'm sorry my Shelty   have to choose and I'm sorry my Shelty is still barking. But um, is still barking. But um,   is still barking. But um, &gt;&gt; he's a fan of the show. &gt;&gt; he's a fan of the show.   &gt;&gt; he's a fan of the show. &gt;&gt; He is he wants to be an AI engineer. So &gt;&gt; He is he wants to be an AI engineer. So   &gt;&gt; He is he wants to be an AI engineer. So [laughter] [laughter]   [laughter] &gt;&gt; um, and then otherwise like as soon as &gt;&gt; um, and then otherwise like as soon as   &gt;&gt; um, and then otherwise like as soon as you get paralyzed by by tool choice then you get paralyzed by by tool choice then   you get paralyzed by by tool choice then you're doing something wrong, right? the you're doing something wrong, right? the   you're doing something wrong, right? the point is to ship something, right? And point is to ship something, right? And   point is to ship something, right? And so I think if you start to obsess about, so I think if you start to obsess about,   so I think if you start to obsess about, oh my god, you know, maybe I should be oh my god, you know, maybe I should be   oh my god, you know, maybe I should be using rag, you know, with this type of, using rag, you know, with this type of,   using rag, you know, with this type of, you know, uh, you know, search and then you know, uh, you know, search and then   you know, uh, you know, search and then maybe I should be doing graph versus maybe I should be doing graph versus   maybe I should be doing graph versus note. It's just like, nope, you're doing note. It's just like, nope, you're doing   note. It's just like, nope, you're doing it wrong. Like simplify and then build it wrong. Like simplify and then build   it wrong. Like simplify and then build and then come back and then optimize, and then come back and then optimize,   and then come back and then optimize, right? Um, ship and then and then learn right? Um, ship and then and then learn   right? Um, ship and then and then learn the other things. I mean, some of it's the other things. I mean, some of it's   the other things. I mean, some of it's just fun choice, like, okay, I use just fun choice, like, okay, I use   just fun choice, like, okay, I use Markdown for everything. Um, Markdown is Markdown for everything. Um, Markdown is   Markdown for everything. Um, Markdown is great for agents. Um, I use uh various great for agents. Um, I use uh various   great for agents. Um, I use uh various APIs all the time. So, I use the API for APIs all the time. So, I use the API for   APIs all the time. So, I use the API for Google Analytics because I can quickly Google Analytics because I can quickly   Google Analytics because I can quickly build a marketing dashboard that I care build a marketing dashboard that I care   build a marketing dashboard that I care about with the one chart that I care about with the one chart that I care   about with the one chart that I care about, you know, and AMP can crank that about, you know, and AMP can crank that   about, you know, and AMP can crank that out in an hour and then I have the out in an hour and then I have the   out in an hour and then I have the dashboard that I need with, you know, dashboard that I need with, you know,   dashboard that I need with, you know, markdown from my repo where I need it. markdown from my repo where I need it.   markdown from my repo where I need it. like you can customize like you can customize   like you can customize you know a lot from that. So you know a lot from that. So   you know a lot from that. So &gt;&gt; uh that's why I would say on tool choice &gt;&gt; uh that's why I would say on tool choice   &gt;&gt; uh that's why I would say on tool choice &gt;&gt; some people may have joined uh midway &gt;&gt; some people may have joined uh midway   &gt;&gt; some people may have joined uh midway through. So can you just do a quick through. So can you just do a quick   through. So can you just do a quick recap on the workflow that you shared recap on the workflow that you shared   recap on the workflow that you shared and then we'll finish with questions and then we'll finish with questions   and then we'll finish with questions from the crew. from the crew.   from the crew. &gt;&gt; Okay so everybody what we did is uh we &gt;&gt; Okay so everybody what we did is uh we   &gt;&gt; Okay so everybody what we did is uh we built a simple feature. Okay so we had built a simple feature. Okay so we had   built a simple feature. Okay so we had uh a PRD for a feature. So the first uh a PRD for a feature. So the first   uh a PRD for a feature. So the first thing we did is okay we want to build a thing we did is okay we want to build a   thing we did is okay we want to build a feature for an app. Um how do we do feature for an app. Um how do we do   feature for an app. Um how do we do that? And we started off by creating a that? And we started off by creating a   that? And we started off by creating a product requirements doc or a prd um and product requirements doc or a prd um and   product requirements doc or a prd um and I did that by using a tool file a two I did that by using a tool file a two   I did that by using a tool file a two file system that I built um called AI file system that I built um called AI   file system that I built um called AI dev task. So this is a free uh resource dev task. So this is a free uh resource   dev task. So this is a free uh resource um you can fork it, you can clone it, um you can fork it, you can clone it,   um you can fork it, you can clone it, you can do anything you want. It's got you can do anything you want. It's got   you can do anything you want. It's got two files in it. Create prd which is two files in it. Create prd which is   two files in it. Create prd which is basically a prompt, right? So what we basically a prompt, right? So what we   basically a prompt, right? So what we did is we went in here and we spoke to did is we went in here and we spoke to   did is we went in here and we spoke to it and said something like this. Hey, we it and said something like this. Hey, we   it and said something like this. Hey, we need to build a feature uh to need to build a feature uh to   need to build a feature uh to automatically log out the user so that automatically log out the user so that   automatically log out the user so that their data is not compromised. their data is not compromised.   their data is not compromised. And then what we did is we tagged that And then what we did is we tagged that   And then what we did is we tagged that PRD um PRD um   PRD um uh prompt, right? And then that ended up uh prompt, right? And then that ended up   uh prompt, right? And then that ended up through some iteration, right? It wasn't through some iteration, right? It wasn't   through some iteration, right? It wasn't a oneshot. We ended up with this PRD. We a oneshot. We ended up with this PRD. We   a oneshot. We ended up with this PRD. We modified a little bit. We edit it. And modified a little bit. We edit it. And   modified a little bit. We edit it. And then when we were done with that then then when we were done with that then   then when we were done with that then what we did is we said okay we're going what we did is we said okay we're going   what we did is we said okay we're going to tag that prd to tag that prd   to tag that prd uh and then we're going to say generate uh and then we're going to say generate   uh and then we're going to say generate a task to implement and then we tag this a task to implement and then we tag this   a task to implement and then we tag this other file which is called uh generate other file which is called uh generate   other file which is called uh generate tasks. This is again a prompt tasks. This is again a prompt   tasks. This is again a prompt that helps the agent build the correct that helps the agent build the correct   that helps the agent build the correct implementation plan. Right? So it's implementation plan. Right? So it's   implementation plan. Right? So it's called generate tasks. Again, this is called generate tasks. Again, this is   called generate tasks. Again, this is really just a detailed prompt, right? It really just a detailed prompt, right? It   really just a detailed prompt, right? It generates detailed tasks based on the generates detailed tasks based on the   generates detailed tasks based on the PRD and then you end up with something PRD and then you end up with something   PRD and then you end up with something like this, right? A detailed like this, right? A detailed   like this, right? A detailed implementation plan with all the right implementation plan with all the right   implementation plan with all the right files that it needs to use, some notes, files that it needs to use, some notes,   files that it needs to use, some notes, and then a detailed implementation plan. and then a detailed implementation plan.   and then a detailed implementation plan. And then I I haven't checked it yet, but And then I I haven't checked it yet, but   And then I I haven't checked it yet, but we got it to the point where I could we got it to the point where I could   we got it to the point where I could start testing it. Um, so that's where start testing it. Um, so that's where   start testing it. Um, so that's where that's what we did up until now. Uh, that's what we did up until now. Uh,   that's what we did up until now. Uh, we're using AMP on the right here. We're we're using AMP on the right here. We're   we're using AMP on the right here. We're using Neoim on the left. Um, and we're using Neoim on the left. Um, and we're   using Neoim on the left. Um, and we're we're building it all next.js. JS. So we're building it all next.js. JS. So   we're building it all next.js. JS. So that's what we did so far. that's what we did so far.   that's what we did so far. &gt;&gt; This was great. This was awesome. Um, &gt;&gt; This was great. This was awesome. Um,   &gt;&gt; This was great. This was awesome. Um, now we have 8 minutes until we're at the now we have 8 minutes until we're at the   now we have 8 minutes until we're at the hour, but I don't want to keep everyone hour, but I don't want to keep everyone   hour, but I don't want to keep everyone for the whole show. We don't need to. If for the whole show. We don't need to. If   for the whole show. We don't need to. If you have any questions that haven't been you have any questions that haven't been   you have any questions that haven't been answered yet, drop them in the chat. Um, answered yet, drop them in the chat. Um,   answered yet, drop them in the chat. Um, and we'll fire them off to Ryan uh and we'll fire them off to Ryan uh   and we'll fire them off to Ryan uh before we're done. Uh, in the meantime, before we're done. Uh, in the meantime,   before we're done. Uh, in the meantime, while I wait to see if there's any while I wait to see if there's any   while I wait to see if there's any questions, I have to ask the the questions, I have to ask the the   questions, I have to ask the the question that is always the question that is always the   question that is always the controversial one that Arman and I talk controversial one that Arman and I talk   controversial one that Arman and I talk about with engineers. Arman feels about with engineers. Arman feels   about with engineers. Arman feels fervently that MCP is just marketing and fervently that MCP is just marketing and   fervently that MCP is just marketing and it at its core is just an API. Is Arman it at its core is just an API. Is Arman   it at its core is just an API. Is Arman right or wrong? right or wrong?   right or wrong? &gt;&gt; Arman is 100% &gt;&gt; Arman is 100%   &gt;&gt; Arman is 100% &gt;&gt; correct. &gt;&gt; correct.   &gt;&gt; correct. &gt;&gt; Oh, let's go. Um, so here's the deal. &gt;&gt; Oh, let's go. Um, so here's the deal.   &gt;&gt; Oh, let's go. Um, so here's the deal. Like MCP it is very happy. Um, I mean Like MCP it is very happy. Um, I mean   Like MCP it is very happy. Um, I mean MCP is useful sometimes, right? So, I I MCP is useful sometimes, right? So, I I   MCP is useful sometimes, right? So, I I basically have one MCP. It's the basically have one MCP. It's the   basically have one MCP. It's the ChromeDev uh Chrome Dev Tools MCP, which ChromeDev uh Chrome Dev Tools MCP, which   ChromeDev uh Chrome Dev Tools MCP, which occasionally makes my life easier, occasionally makes my life easier,   occasionally makes my life easier, right? But the the point is the agent is right? But the the point is the agent is   right? But the the point is the agent is way better at running bash commands uh way better at running bash commands uh   way better at running bash commands uh which are essentially tools than you which are essentially tools than you   which are essentially tools than you could possibly imagine, right? So, give could possibly imagine, right? So, give   could possibly imagine, right? So, give it a good uh you know, give it a a good it a good uh you know, give it a a good   it a good uh you know, give it a a good CLI tool, right? And ask it to run the CLI tool, right? And ask it to run the   CLI tool, right? And ask it to run the commands yourself. Um providing you the commands yourself. Um providing you the   commands yourself. Um providing you the right context. So, uh, yeah, MC, and I right context. So, uh, yeah, MC, and I   right context. So, uh, yeah, MC, and I don't want to like, you know, say that don't want to like, you know, say that   don't want to like, you know, say that MCP is bad, but it's just it's not very MCP is bad, but it's just it's not very   MCP is bad, but it's just it's not very good right now, right? So, don't, you good right now, right? So, don't, you   good right now, right? So, don't, you know, rely on it as your savior. So, know, rely on it as your savior. So,   know, rely on it as your savior. So, &gt;&gt; yeah. And my take on the on the whole &gt;&gt; yeah. And my take on the on the whole   &gt;&gt; yeah. And my take on the on the whole MCP thing more than anything, like, do I MCP thing more than anything, like, do I   MCP thing more than anything, like, do I think that it makes sense to build a think that it makes sense to build a   think that it makes sense to build a standard for tool creation that you can standard for tool creation that you can   standard for tool creation that you can hand over to any agent? Like, of course, hand over to any agent? Like, of course,   hand over to any agent? Like, of course, right? But do I think that people making right? But do I think that people making   right? But do I think that people making YouTube videos with the title like MCP YouTube videos with the title like MCP   YouTube videos with the title like MCP just took your job like like that's do just took your job like like that's do   just took your job like like that's do you know what I mean? Like the like I you know what I mean? Like the like I   you know what I mean? Like the like I think people don't people are pretending think people don't people are pretending   think people don't people are pretending like it's this crazy thing and it like it's this crazy thing and it   like it's this crazy thing and it literally is just yeah like a JSON literally is just yeah like a JSON   literally is just yeah like a JSON scheme on an API like it you know what I scheme on an API like it you know what I   scheme on an API like it you know what I mean? mean?   mean? &gt;&gt; So that's the thing. [laughter] &gt;&gt; So that's the thing. [laughter]   &gt;&gt; So that's the thing. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I but this this is a good commentary on &gt;&gt; I but this this is a good commentary on   &gt;&gt; I but this this is a good commentary on the way people should think about these the way people should think about these   the way people should think about these things like there is truth in both things like there is truth in both   things like there is truth in both statements. Yeah. MCP is going to kind statements. Yeah. MCP is going to kind   statements. Yeah. MCP is going to kind of take your job like some in some sort of take your job like some in some sort   of take your job like some in some sort of theoretical future format because of theoretical future format because   of theoretical future format because what you actually mean is the entire what you actually mean is the entire   what you actually mean is the entire workflow is changing right and so pay workflow is changing right and so pay   workflow is changing right and so pay attention to that like you know agents attention to that like you know agents   attention to that like you know agents have tools now okay so so what can have tools now okay so so what can   have tools now okay so so what can agents do with tools like and and then I agents do with tools like and and then I   agents do with tools like and and then I think Andre Karpathy's you know think Andre Karpathy's you know   think Andre Karpathy's you know interview with Dorcash was was good interview with Dorcash was was good   interview with Dorcash was was good because he basically said listen like because he basically said listen like   because he basically said listen like we're this is a lot of elbow grease we're this is a lot of elbow grease   we're this is a lot of elbow grease Right? And this is why 10X is so Right? And this is why 10X is so   Right? And this is why 10X is so successful. Like companies need to successful. Like companies need to   successful. Like companies need to understand like how to actually understand like how to actually   understand like how to actually implement these things. implement these things.   implement these things. &gt;&gt; And it's not a wand and it's not a magic &gt;&gt; And it's not a wand and it's not a magic   &gt;&gt; And it's not a wand and it's not a magic incantation. It's a lot of elbow grease, incantation. It's a lot of elbow grease,   incantation. It's a lot of elbow grease, right? right?   right? &gt;&gt; But that doesn't mean it's not real. And &gt;&gt; But that doesn't mean it's not real. And   &gt;&gt; But that doesn't mean it's not real. And and so I would say, man, everybody get and so I would say, man, everybody get   and so I would say, man, everybody get your hands dirty. Like you know, grab an your hands dirty. Like you know, grab an   your hands dirty. Like you know, grab an agent, build something, bang your head agent, build something, bang your head   agent, build something, bang your head against the wall. Um and and then enter against the wall. Um and and then enter   against the wall. Um and and then enter the future, right? where the the the future, right? where the the   the future, right? where the the vertical agent is going to take your vertical agent is going to take your   vertical agent is going to take your job. So you want to build the vertical job. So you want to build the vertical   job. So you want to build the vertical agent uh uh and be a part of the wave agent uh uh and be a part of the wave   agent uh uh and be a part of the wave instead of get just drowned by it. instead of get just drowned by it.   instead of get just drowned by it. &gt;&gt; Love it. Um one more question for you &gt;&gt; Love it. Um one more question for you   &gt;&gt; Love it. Um one more question for you and this is from Joe Smith. Joe asked, and this is from Joe Smith. Joe asked,   and this is from Joe Smith. Joe asked, "How do you feel about security with "How do you feel about security with   "How do you feel about security with vibe coding or uh bringing AI vibe coding or uh bringing AI   vibe coding or uh bringing AI engineering to vioding because I know engineering to vioding because I know   engineering to vioding because I know they're very different things. What's they're very different things. What's   they're very different things. What's your thought on the security piece of your thought on the security piece of   your thought on the security piece of this?" man, it's so important. Um, and this?" man, it's so important. Um, and   this?" man, it's so important. Um, and so this is scary and important and um, I so this is scary and important and um, I   so this is scary and important and um, I would say, you know, it absolutely does would say, you know, it absolutely does   would say, you know, it absolutely does matter. Um, and the thing you should do matter. Um, and the thing you should do   matter. Um, and the thing you should do always, always, always always, always, always   always, always, always have a more intelligent model review have a more intelligent model review   have a more intelligent model review every single PR, right? So what I that every single PR, right? So what I that   every single PR, right? So what I that that ship command that I showed that ship command that I showed   that ship command that I showed everybody at the beginning of the show everybody at the beginning of the show   everybody at the beginning of the show um you know in AMP we have something um you know in AMP we have something   um you know in AMP we have something called the Oracle which is basically a called the Oracle which is basically a   called the Oracle which is basically a call out to a specialized GPT5 agent and call out to a specialized GPT5 agent and   call out to a specialized GPT5 agent and you say review my code you know look for you say review my code you know look for   you say review my code you know look for security holes you know look for foot security holes you know look for foot   security holes you know look for foot guns look for rookie mistakes and you guns look for rookie mistakes and you   guns look for rookie mistakes and you will find stuff almost on every PR and will find stuff almost on every PR and   will find stuff almost on every PR and it's kind of scary sometimes you're like it's kind of scary sometimes you're like   it's kind of scary sometimes you're like oh my god like like that API endpoint oh my god like like that API endpoint   oh my god like like that API endpoint was not authenticated that's kind of was not authenticated that's kind of   was not authenticated that's kind of terrifying Right. So, yeah, you got to terrifying Right. So, yeah, you got to   terrifying Right. So, yeah, you got to care. Um, and, uh, you have to pay care. Um, and, uh, you have to pay   care. Um, and, uh, you have to pay attention. But, but then again, attention. But, but then again,   attention. But, but then again, remember, we actually talked about this remember, we actually talked about this   remember, we actually talked about this at a dinner I was at recently where it's at a dinner I was at recently where it's   at a dinner I was at recently where it's like remember as well like a lot of the like remember as well like a lot of the   like remember as well like a lot of the code that's written right now by, you code that's written right now by, you   code that's written right now by, you know, human engineers is not good know, human engineers is not good   know, human engineers is not good either. So, it's not like, you know, either. So, it's not like, you know,   either. So, it's not like, you know, magically something is changing. It's magically something is changing. It's   magically something is changing. It's like you always have to pay attention to like you always have to pay attention to   like you always have to pay attention to security. Yeah. Whether the agent is security. Yeah. Whether the agent is   security. Yeah. Whether the agent is writing or you do. So, do your job. writing or you do. So, do your job.   writing or you do. So, do your job. I love this last question from Sunny. Uh I love this last question from Sunny. Uh   I love this last question from Sunny. Uh Sunny said, "Tools are fantastic, but as Sunny said, "Tools are fantastic, but as   Sunny said, "Tools are fantastic, but as you add more tools, the reliability for you add more tools, the reliability for   you add more tools, the reliability for the right tool call diminishes. How do the right tool call diminishes. How do   the right tool call diminishes. How do you solve that?" you solve that?"   you solve that?" &gt;&gt; Um have less MCPS [laughter] &gt;&gt; Um have less MCPS [laughter]   &gt;&gt; Um have less MCPS [laughter] is is maybe one. Um and then if you're is is maybe one. Um and then if you're   is is maybe one. Um and then if you're building agents, you know, which a lot building agents, you know, which a lot   building agents, you know, which a lot of us are building hypoverticalized of us are building hypoverticalized   of us are building hypoverticalized specialized agents, um yeah, you're specialized agents, um yeah, you're   specialized agents, um yeah, you're going to want, you know, a couple of the going to want, you know, a couple of the   going to want, you know, a couple of the right tools. Um the in the end just right tools. Um the in the end just   right tools. Um the in the end just remember an agent is very simple. It's a remember an agent is very simple. It's a   remember an agent is very simple. It's a loop you know with a fixed length of loop you know with a fixed length of   loop you know with a fixed length of memory right and you have to figure out memory right and you have to figure out   memory right and you have to figure out just like a human like if the human just like a human like if the human   just like a human like if the human walked into your office you wouldn't be walked into your office you wouldn't be   walked into your office you wouldn't be able to like barf the entire information able to like barf the entire information   able to like barf the entire information of the company on them and give them all of the company on them and give them all   of the company on them and give them all the books and expect them to be the books and expect them to be   the books and expect them to be successful. You'd have to say here's the successful. You'd have to say here's the   successful. You'd have to say here's the book you need for this task rock and book you need for this task rock and   book you need for this task rock and roll. Um so I think uh you know be smart roll. Um so I think uh you know be smart   roll. Um so I think uh you know be smart about that. I have, I think, at max two about that. I have, I think, at max two   about that. I have, I think, at max two MCPs running. Um, and then I I try to MCPs running. Um, and then I I try to   MCPs running. Um, and then I I try to trim it from there. trim it from there.   trim it from there. Love it. Ryan, this was awesome. You're Love it. Ryan, this was awesome. You're   Love it. Ryan, this was awesome. You're the man. Can't wait to meet you in New the man. Can't wait to meet you in New   the man. Can't wait to meet you in New York soon. Thanks so much for doing York soon. Thanks so much for doing   York soon. Thanks so much for doing this. This is fun. Thanks for having me, this. This is fun. Thanks for having me,   this. This is fun. Thanks for having me, Ryan. Take care, everybody. Ryan. Take care, everybody.   Ryan. Take care, everybody. &gt;&gt; Appreciate you.