What's up everyone? Welcome back to What's up everyone? Welcome back to   What's up everyone? Welcome back to another episode of Human in the Loop, another episode of Human in the Loop,   another episode of Human in the Loop, the most actionable AI show on the the most actionable AI show on the   the most actionable AI show on the internet. I'm one of your hosts, Alex internet. I'm one of your hosts, Alex   internet. I'm one of your hosts, Alex Lieberman, [music] co-managing partner Lieberman, [music] co-managing partner   Lieberman, [music] co-managing partner at 10X. On this episode, I have Nat at 10X. On this episode, I have Nat   at 10X. On this episode, I have Nat [music] Elias, who is going to tell the [music] Elias, who is going to tell the   [music] Elias, who is going to tell the insane story about how his Open Claw insane story about how his Open Claw   insane story about how his Open Claw Felix not only started a business, Felix not only started a business,   Felix not only started a business, [music] but has made over $250,000 [music] but has made over $250,000   [music] but has made over $250,000 in less than a month. Let's hop into it. in less than a month. Let's hop into it.   in less than a month. Let's hop into it. Nat, thank you for joining the show. So Nat, thank you for joining the show. So   Nat, thank you for joining the show. So glad to be here, man. It's like we've glad to be here, man. It's like we've   glad to be here, man. It's like we've been in each other's orbit on X for been in each other's orbit on X for   been in each other's orbit on X for years. We finally get to hang out. years. We finally get to hang out.   years. We finally get to hang out. &gt;&gt; It's always hard to know like whether &gt;&gt; It's always hard to know like whether   &gt;&gt; It's always hard to know like whether you've met someone or not because you you've met someone or not because you   you've met someone or not because you actually like you get to know them so actually like you get to know them so   actually like you get to know them so well on the internet that you have this well on the internet that you have this   well on the internet that you have this image of who they are and you're like, image of who they are and you're like,   image of who they are and you're like, "Did I meet you at some point or is this "Did I meet you at some point or is this   "Did I meet you at some point or is this all just a creation from the data points all just a creation from the data points   all just a creation from the data points on on the internet? on on the internet?   on on the internet? &gt;&gt; If you're not sure how tall they are, &gt;&gt; If you're not sure how tall they are,   &gt;&gt; If you're not sure how tall they are, that's the sign of whether or not you that's the sign of whether or not you   that's the sign of whether or not you person." Yeah. [laughter] person." Yeah. [laughter]   person." Yeah. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly. That's so good. Um, &gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly. That's so good. Um,   &gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly. That's so good. Um, okay. So, what are we going to talk okay. So, what are we going to talk   okay. So, what are we going to talk about today? We're going to talk about about today? We're going to talk about   about today? We're going to talk about Felix, man. My my my open claw that I Felix, man. My my my open claw that I   Felix, man. My my my open claw that I started using at the beginning of started using at the beginning of   started using at the beginning of January to just try to do some business January to just try to do some business   January to just try to do some business personal productivity things here and personal productivity things here and   personal productivity things here and there. And then it started getting like there. And then it started getting like   there. And then it started getting like more more more robust and able to do more more more robust and able to do   more more more robust and able to do more and more things. And then I had more and more things. And then I had   more and more things. And then I had this wacky idea to give it a Twitter this wacky idea to give it a Twitter   this wacky idea to give it a Twitter account and see if it could run a account and see if it could run a   account and see if it could run a business. And I haven't haven't gotten business. And I haven't haven't gotten   business. And I haven't haven't gotten much sleep since. It's been a wild much sleep since. It's been a wild   much sleep since. It's been a wild month. month.   month. &gt;&gt; How much has Felix made up to this &gt;&gt; How much has Felix made up to this   &gt;&gt; How much has Felix made up to this point? He has made a little over $60,000 point? He has made a little over $60,000   point? He has made a little over $60,000 &gt;&gt; in in fiat &gt;&gt; in in fiat   &gt;&gt; in in fiat &gt;&gt; and he's made another &gt;&gt; and he's made another   &gt;&gt; and he's made another depending on how you count it somewhere depending on how you count it somewhere   depending on how you count it somewhere between $85,000 and $230,000 between $85,000 and $230,000   between $85,000 and $230,000 in crypto. in crypto.   in crypto. &gt;&gt; That is wild. Um &gt;&gt; That is wild. Um   &gt;&gt; That is wild. Um &gt;&gt; yeah, so if if we were going for like &gt;&gt; yeah, so if if we were going for like   &gt;&gt; yeah, so if if we were going for like the headline the like, you know, oh my the headline the like, you know, oh my   the headline the like, you know, oh my gosh, like rate, you know, clickbait gosh, like rate, you know, clickbait   gosh, like rate, you know, clickbait title, it would be $300,000 in a month. title, it would be $300,000 in a month.   title, it would be $300,000 in a month. &gt;&gt; That is absolutely insane. Okay. So, my &gt;&gt; That is absolutely insane. Okay. So, my   &gt;&gt; That is absolutely insane. Okay. So, my goal is I one I just am curious. I want goal is I one I just am curious. I want   goal is I one I just am curious. I want to understand to understand   to understand how have you made that much money with how have you made that much money with   how have you made that much money with Felix. And then my hope is in doing so, Felix. And then my hope is in doing so,   Felix. And then my hope is in doing so, we get into the nitty-gritty of like we get into the nitty-gritty of like   we get into the nitty-gritty of like what is Felix actually doing what is Felix actually doing   what is Felix actually doing &gt;&gt; and how can a viewer uh even if they &gt;&gt; and how can a viewer uh even if they   &gt;&gt; and how can a viewer uh even if they don't have a business like yours, how don't have a business like yours, how   don't have a business like yours, how can they use their version of Felix, can they use their version of Felix,   can they use their version of Felix, like their Open Claw to do similar types like their Open Claw to do similar types   like their Open Claw to do similar types of tasks? of tasks?   of tasks? &gt;&gt; Totally. Yeah. Let's let's dive in. I've &gt;&gt; Totally. Yeah. Let's let's dive in. I've   &gt;&gt; Totally. Yeah. Let's let's dive in. I've learned a ton along the way. So, where learned a ton along the way. So, where   learned a ton along the way. So, where do you want to start with this? Um, do you want to start with this? Um,   do you want to start with this? Um, where where do you want to start by kind where where do you want to start by kind   where where do you want to start by kind of showing what what Felix does? of showing what what Felix does?   of showing what what Felix does? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, we could I could just hop in &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, we could I could just hop in   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, we could I could just hop in and kind of like talk about the and kind of like talk about the   and kind of like talk about the progression, right? Because I think the progression, right? Because I think the   progression, right? Because I think the the first thing people ask is like, you the first thing people ask is like, you   the first thing people ask is like, you know, there's got to be a catch here, know, there's got to be a catch here,   know, there's got to be a catch here, right? Like there's no way that this right? Like there's no way that this   right? Like there's no way that this open claw actually made $60,000 in in open claw actually made $60,000 in in   open claw actually made $60,000 in in four weeks. And so, but I think if I four weeks. And so, but I think if I   four weeks. And so, but I think if I walk through the progression of kind of walk through the progression of kind of   walk through the progression of kind of like how we got here, it starts to make like how we got here, it starts to make   like how we got here, it starts to make a lot of sense. If you're watching this a lot of sense. If you're watching this   a lot of sense. If you're watching this and you're you're intimidated by and you're you're intimidated by   and you're you're intimidated by OpenClaw or you don't yet have your OpenClaw or you don't yet have your   OpenClaw or you don't yet have your OpenClaw set up, we actually our last OpenClaw set up, we actually our last   OpenClaw set up, we actually our last video we just recorded uh with CJ from video we just recorded uh with CJ from   video we just recorded uh with CJ from 10X was setting up uh OpenClaw securely 10X was setting up uh OpenClaw securely   10X was setting up uh OpenClaw securely without a Mac Mini and being able to do without a Mac Mini and being able to do   without a Mac Mini and being able to do what Nat is going to be talking about. what Nat is going to be talking about.   what Nat is going to be talking about. So definitely watch that video as a So definitely watch that video as a   So definitely watch that video as a starter. starter.   starter. &gt;&gt; This is Felix's his ex account. Uh, and &gt;&gt; This is Felix's his ex account. Uh, and   &gt;&gt; This is Felix's his ex account. Uh, and it kind of all the the the whole story it kind of all the the the whole story   it kind of all the the the whole story starts here where basically I had been starts here where basically I had been   starts here where basically I had been I've been working with OpenClaw since I've been working with OpenClaw since   I've been working with OpenClaw since the holiday break more or less. And it the holiday break more or less. And it   the holiday break more or less. And it had been getting kind of like more and had been getting kind of like more and   had been getting kind of like more and more interesting, more and more complex. more interesting, more and more complex.   more interesting, more and more complex. I was trying to find more stuff to do I was trying to find more stuff to do   I was trying to find more stuff to do with it because one of my goals coming with it because one of my goals coming   with it because one of my goals coming into this year was that I had spent the into this year was that I had spent the   into this year was that I had spent the last two years last two years   last two years really like pushing at the limits of really like pushing at the limits of   really like pushing at the limits of Vibe Coding and what you could do with Vibe Coding and what you could do with   Vibe Coding and what you could do with Vive Coding. And I had this very popular Vive Coding. And I had this very popular   Vive Coding. And I had this very popular course last year called Build Your Own course last year called Build Your Own   course last year called Build Your Own Apps U with AI that that did awesome, Apps U with AI that that did awesome,   Apps U with AI that that did awesome, but I was kind of like I I want to but I was kind of like I I want to   but I was kind of like I I want to actually apply these skills to building actually apply these skills to building   actually apply these skills to building a business, not just like selling a a business, not just like selling a   a business, not just like selling a course, right? And and you know, it's no course, right? And and you know, it's no   course, right? And and you know, it's no shade to course people. I just, you shade to course people. I just, you   shade to course people. I just, you know, I I wanted to actually try to know, I I wanted to actually try to   know, I I wanted to actually try to build something like a software product build something like a software product   build something like a software product that people would use. And so back in that people would use. And so back in   that people would use. And so back in November, I started building this November, I started building this   November, I started building this product called uh Tegan. product called uh Tegan.   product called uh Tegan. And this website is still up, but I'm And this website is still up, but I'm   And this website is still up, but I'm going to suggest that uh don't don't go going to suggest that uh don't don't go   going to suggest that uh don't don't go sign up for this. I [laughter] need to I sign up for this. I [laughter] need to I   sign up for this. I [laughter] need to I need to redirect this. Um where and this need to redirect this. Um where and this   need to redirect this. Um where and this was a bit before openclaw started was a bit before openclaw started   was a bit before openclaw started blowing up. And you know, my thinking blowing up. And you know, my thinking   blowing up. And you know, my thinking was that the AI was like the AI as were was that the AI was like the AI as were   was that the AI was like the AI as were getting so good, especially like Opus getting so good, especially like Opus   getting so good, especially like Opus 4.6 that I could probably rebuild my old 4.6 that I could probably rebuild my old   4.6 that I could probably rebuild my old content marketing agency entirely run by content marketing agency entirely run by   content marketing agency entirely run by AI agents. Um because that was like my AI agents. Um because that was like my   AI agents. Um because that was like my first entrepreneurial thing just out of first entrepreneurial thing just out of   first entrepreneurial thing just out of college. I started a marketing agency. I college. I started a marketing agency. I   college. I started a marketing agency. I grew to a few million few million grew to a few million few million   grew to a few million few million dollars a year. And uh I was it was dollars a year. And uh I was it was   dollars a year. And uh I was it was starting to feel like, you know, a starting to feel like, you know, a   starting to feel like, you know, a really well scaffolded um opus setup really well scaffolded um opus setup   really well scaffolded um opus setup could totally write the same quality of could totally write the same quality of   could totally write the same quality of articles that I used to pay $150 to $250 articles that I used to pay $150 to $250   articles that I used to pay $150 to $250 for. And I bet it could h I bet it could for. And I bet it could h I bet it could   for. And I bet it could h I bet it could do the project management as well. I bet do the project management as well. I bet   do the project management as well. I bet it could do 90 95% as well as my old it could do 90 95% as well as my old   it could do 90 95% as well as my old agency did. And so I started building agency did. And so I started building   agency did. And so I started building Tegan to do that and it got like pretty Tegan to do that and it got like pretty   Tegan to do that and it got like pretty far. I was pretty happy with it, but it far. I was pretty happy with it, but it   far. I was pretty happy with it, but it still just like wasn't quite there. And still just like wasn't quite there. And   still just like wasn't quite there. And then I try out OpenClaw and I take some then I try out OpenClaw and I take some   then I try out OpenClaw and I take some of the stuff that I built into Tegan and of the stuff that I built into Tegan and   of the stuff that I built into Tegan and I plug it into OpenClaw skills and I plug it into OpenClaw skills and   I plug it into OpenClaw skills and whatnot. And within like two days it was whatnot. And within like two days it was   whatnot. And within like two days it was doing a much better job than this app doing a much better job than this app   doing a much better job than this app that I had spent two months on which was that I had spent two months on which was   that I had spent two months on which was very frustrating [laughter] very frustrating [laughter]   very frustrating [laughter] because it was like why did I spend two because it was like why did I spend two   because it was like why did I spend two months building this just to like have months building this just to like have   months building this just to like have it be replaced by this incredible open it be replaced by this incredible open   it be replaced by this incredible open source tool. But it kind of made me source tool. But it kind of made me   source tool. But it kind of made me start thinking like well if it can be a start thinking like well if it can be a   start thinking like well if it can be a content marketer like what else can it content marketer like what else can it   content marketer like what else can it be? And so the first thing the first be? And so the first thing the first   be? And so the first thing the first thing that I did the first thing that I thing that I did the first thing that I   thing that I did the first thing that I experimented with was like okay you know experimented with was like okay you know   experimented with was like okay you know I I've been vibe coding on my computer I I've been vibe coding on my computer   I I've been vibe coding on my computer using claude code using codeex and using claude code using codeex and   using claude code using codeex and particularly in conductor like what if I particularly in conductor like what if I   particularly in conductor like what if I moved all of my coding over to this open moved all of my coding over to this open   moved all of my coding over to this open claw and I could just do all of my claw and I could just do all of my   claw and I could just do all of my coding by messaging with it over coding by messaging with it over   coding by messaging with it over telegram and so that's where I started telegram and so that's where I started   telegram and so that's where I started and that was immediately just this like and that was immediately just this like   and that was immediately just this like incredible productivity unlock the fact incredible productivity unlock the fact   incredible productivity unlock the fact that I could just be like pinging this that I could just be like pinging this   that I could just be like pinging this open claw and telling it to do stuff open claw and telling it to do stuff   open claw and telling it to do stuff with my code and it would go build it. with my code and it would go build it.   with my code and it would go build it. It would open a PR. It would review the It would open a PR. It would review the   It would open a PR. It would review the PR and I wouldn't have to babysit my PR and I wouldn't have to babysit my   PR and I wouldn't have to babysit my clawed code or anything sessions clawed code or anything sessions   clawed code or anything sessions anymore. That was a massive unlock anymore. That was a massive unlock   anymore. That was a massive unlock because I I didn't need to like leave my because I I didn't need to like leave my   because I I didn't need to like leave my laptop open during dinner so that a laptop open during dinner so that a   laptop open during dinner so that a clawed code session could run. didn't clawed code session could run. didn't   clawed code session could run. didn't need to like do all of these things I need to like do all of these things I   need to like do all of these things I was doing before to maximize my clawed was doing before to maximize my clawed   was doing before to maximize my clawed code productivity. I could just text code productivity. I could just text   code productivity. I could just text with my open claw [snorts] and and that with my open claw [snorts] and and that   with my open claw [snorts] and and that kind of felt like the first big unlock kind of felt like the first big unlock   kind of felt like the first big unlock was oh my gosh I I have something much was oh my gosh I I have something much   was oh my gosh I I have something much closer to an employee who I can delegate closer to an employee who I can delegate   closer to an employee who I can delegate work to and it will just go build stuff work to and it will just go build stuff   work to and it will just go build stuff and it was challenging at the beginning. and it was challenging at the beginning.   and it was challenging at the beginning. Okay. Um Oh, did you want to cut me off Okay. Um Oh, did you want to cut me off   Okay. Um Oh, did you want to cut me off there? there?   there? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Ju just I there's so much here and &gt;&gt; Yeah. Ju just I there's so much here and   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Ju just I there's so much here and &gt;&gt; the first thing is I actually think it's &gt;&gt; the first thing is I actually think it's   &gt;&gt; the first thing is I actually think it's so fascinating with that you started so fascinating with that you started   so fascinating with that you started with Tegan and then bringing Tegan into with Tegan and then bringing Tegan into   with Tegan and then bringing Tegan into like having Open Claw basically rebuild like having Open Claw basically rebuild   like having Open Claw basically rebuild Tegan because Tegan because   Tegan because &gt;&gt; I think people still have this notion &gt;&gt; I think people still have this notion   &gt;&gt; I think people still have this notion and the reason I think Tegan's and the reason I think Tegan's   and the reason I think Tegan's particularly interesting is people still particularly interesting is people still   particularly interesting is people still have this notion that AI creates slop. have this notion that AI creates slop.   have this notion that AI creates slop. Like people believe that the models are Like people believe that the models are   Like people believe that the models are not good enough to create great content not good enough to create great content   not good enough to create great content now now   now &gt;&gt; and as someone like you are someone who &gt;&gt; and as someone like you are someone who   &gt;&gt; and as someone like you are someone who creates a lot of content creates a lot of content   creates a lot of content &gt;&gt; and so right it's like it's it's really &gt;&gt; and so right it's like it's it's really   &gt;&gt; and so right it's like it's it's really it's fascinating to see you using this it's fascinating to see you using this   it's fascinating to see you using this thing to create content because I'm sure thing to create content because I'm sure   thing to create content because I'm sure you have a point of view and a standard you have a point of view and a standard   you have a point of view and a standard for the quality that content has to be for the quality that content has to be   for the quality that content has to be for you to feel good about it. for you to feel good about it.   for you to feel good about it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And that was kind of a fun &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And that was kind of a fun   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And that was kind of a fun part of that experiment and where it was part of that experiment and where it was   part of that experiment and where it was like, okay, how good can I get it? like, okay, how good can I get it?   like, okay, how good can I get it? Because a generic Opus output is it's Because a generic Opus output is it's   Because a generic Opus output is it's pretty good. I mean, it's it's solid, pretty good. I mean, it's it's solid,   pretty good. I mean, it's it's solid, but you know, you and I and anybody but you know, you and I and anybody   but you know, you and I and anybody who's in it can immediately spot the AI who's in it can immediately spot the AI   who's in it can immediately spot the AI isms, the little giveaways that this is isms, the little giveaways that this is   isms, the little giveaways that this is written by an AI, but you start layering written by an AI, but you start layering   written by an AI, but you start layering on these additional passes with clear on these additional passes with clear   on these additional passes with clear editing prompts and, you know, ways for editing prompts and, you know, ways for   editing prompts and, you know, ways for it to deifi it to deifi   it to deifi the language. and you bring in some the language. and you bring in some   the language. and you bring in some other models to cut out some of the other models to cut out some of the   other models to cut out some of the clawed stuff and you build this kind of clawed stuff and you build this kind of   clawed stuff and you build this kind of like multi-step workflow and suddenly it like multi-step workflow and suddenly it   like multi-step workflow and suddenly it goes from, you know, a 90 to a 95 or a goes from, you know, a 90 to a 95 or a   goes from, you know, a 90 to a 95 or a 97. It starts to get pretty good. And 97. It starts to get pretty good. And   97. It starts to get pretty good. And the thing that I kind of have to keep the thing that I kind of have to keep   the thing that I kind of have to keep reminding myself of with working with AI reminding myself of with working with AI   reminding myself of with working with AI is that one, just because you and I can is that one, just because you and I can   is that one, just because you and I can see the edges, just because you and I see the edges, just because you and I   see the edges, just because you and I can look at an article and see that it's can look at an article and see that it's   can look at an article and see that it's AI does not mean that that article will AI does not mean that that article will   AI does not mean that that article will not do well, right? Like the Matt not do well, right? Like the Matt   not do well, right? Like the Matt Schumer article that went viral two Schumer article that went viral two   Schumer article that went viral two weeks ago about like, you know, this is weeks ago about like, you know, this is   weeks ago about like, you know, this is just the beginning, 40 million views or just the beginning, 40 million views or   just the beginning, 40 million views or whatever. It was at least half written whatever. It was at least half written   whatever. It was at least half written by AI, right? very clearly, but it was by AI, right? very clearly, but it was   by AI, right? very clearly, but it was still a good article and it still went still a good article and it still went   still a good article and it still went mega viral. And if you know even and mega viral. And if you know even and   mega viral. And if you know even and even though you and I and people can even though you and I and people can   even though you and I and people can like see those fuzzy edges, what percent like see those fuzzy edges, what percent   like see those fuzzy edges, what percent of consumers can't? It's it's at least of consumers can't? It's it's at least   of consumers can't? It's it's at least 95 maybe 98 99, right? Can our parents 95 maybe 98 99, right? Can our parents   95 maybe 98 99, right? Can our parents tell? Like I don't think so. No. tell? Like I don't think so. No.   tell? Like I don't think so. No. &gt;&gt; And so you it's kind of like working &gt;&gt; And so you it's kind of like working   &gt;&gt; And so you it's kind of like working with an employee, right? where you hire with an employee, right? where you hire   with an employee, right? where you hire someone to do a job at your company and someone to do a job at your company and   someone to do a job at your company and if you immediately fire them because if you immediately fire them because   if you immediately fire them because they are not as good as you, you're they are not as good as you, you're   they are not as good as you, you're never going to hire an employee. You never going to hire an employee. You   never going to hire an employee. You have to be comfortable with like have to be comfortable with like   have to be comfortable with like structuring the role and the structuring the role and the   structuring the role and the responsibilities to the quality level responsibilities to the quality level   responsibilities to the quality level that that employee can produce and that that employee can produce and   that that employee can produce and increase it over time. Um I know you've increase it over time. Um I know you've   increase it over time. Um I know you've got do you have one kid? Do you got do you have one kid? Do you   got do you have one kid? Do you multiple? multiple?   multiple? &gt;&gt; One. Yeah. &gt;&gt; One. Yeah.   &gt;&gt; One. Yeah. &gt;&gt; One. Yeah. Yeah. So it's it's kind of &gt;&gt; One. Yeah. Yeah. So it's it's kind of   &gt;&gt; One. Yeah. Yeah. So it's it's kind of like with having kids too, right? It's like with having kids too, right? It's   like with having kids too, right? It's like you you want to you give them a lot like you you want to you give them a lot   like you you want to you give them a lot of responsibility, a lot of opportunity of responsibility, a lot of opportunity   of responsibility, a lot of opportunity to succeed and then you just like don't to succeed and then you just like don't   to succeed and then you just like don't be disappointed when they like fall over be disappointed when they like fall over   be disappointed when they like fall over while trying to walk, right? while trying to walk, right?   while trying to walk, right? &gt;&gt; Yes. 100%. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yes. 100%. [laughter]   &gt;&gt; Yes. 100%. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I I mean I always say now that &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I I mean I always say now that   &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I I mean I always say now that the technology is so good that often the technology is so good that often   the technology is so good that often times when people say it's not good times when people say it's not good   times when people say it's not good enough, it's more an indictment of the enough, it's more an indictment of the   enough, it's more an indictment of the person than the technology itself. It's person than the technology itself. It's   person than the technology itself. It's more an indictment of actually not more an indictment of actually not   more an indictment of actually not spending the time to either beat up your spending the time to either beat up your   spending the time to either beat up your skills or prompts or like work with the skills or prompts or like work with the   skills or prompts or like work with the models enough. And it would be the models enough. And it would be the   models enough. And it would be the equivalent of you bring on a junior equivalent of you bring on a junior   equivalent of you bring on a junior employee and you just like forget about employee and you just like forget about   employee and you just like forget about onboarding and you just have the onboarding and you just have the   onboarding and you just have the expectation they're going to be a great expectation they're going to be a great   expectation they're going to be a great employee without any onboarding. employee without any onboarding.   employee without any onboarding. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And so I I think &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And so I I think   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And so I I think anybody anybody who's hired before, anybody anybody who's hired before,   anybody anybody who's hired before, anybody who's like had some experience anybody who's like had some experience   anybody who's like had some experience delegating outsourcing systems thinking delegating outsourcing systems thinking   delegating outsourcing systems thinking I it's a huge competitive advantage in I it's a huge competitive advantage in   I it's a huge competitive advantage in working with AI because you understand working with AI because you understand   working with AI because you understand how to scope expectations and how to scope expectations and   how to scope expectations and responsibilities to the capabilities of responsibilities to the capabilities of   responsibilities to the capabilities of the model and totally the model and totally   the model and totally &gt;&gt; that's just like a huge unlock. Um, and &gt;&gt; that's just like a huge unlock. Um, and   &gt;&gt; that's just like a huge unlock. Um, and so once I realized that OpenClaw could so once I realized that OpenClaw could   so once I realized that OpenClaw could do what I was trying to do with Tegan do what I was trying to do with Tegan   do what I was trying to do with Tegan better, then the next question was, better, then the next question was,   better, then the next question was, okay, like what else can you do? And so okay, like what else can you do? And so   okay, like what else can you do? And so that's what led into outsourcing all of that's what led into outsourcing all of   that's what led into outsourcing all of the coding to it. And the, you know, at the coding to it. And the, you know, at   the coding to it. And the, you know, at that point, this was like into January, that point, this was like into January,   that point, this was like into January, and I was starting to find more and more and I was starting to find more and more   and I was starting to find more and more cool ways we could work together. And it cool ways we could work together. And it   cool ways we could work together. And it was a lot more focused on software at was a lot more focused on software at   was a lot more focused on software at that point. Like I was trying I was that point. Like I was trying I was   that point. Like I was trying I was still trying to build Tegan but like still trying to build Tegan but like   still trying to build Tegan but like using OpenClaw to build it and make it using OpenClaw to build it and make it   using OpenClaw to build it and make it better. And better. And   better. And &gt;&gt; were you basically just literally trying &gt;&gt; were you basically just literally trying   &gt;&gt; were you basically just literally trying to rebuild the Tegan product but just to rebuild the Tegan product but just   to rebuild the Tegan product but just like tell OpenClaw to build it and you like tell OpenClaw to build it and you   like tell OpenClaw to build it and you were just going to host it either under were just going to host it either under   were just going to host it either under under the same domain and just replace under the same domain and just replace   under the same domain and just replace what the current product was. Was that what the current product was. Was that   what the current product was. Was that the idea? Yeah, I was I was you know the idea? Yeah, I was I was you know   the idea? Yeah, I was I was you know I've been poking at a few different ways I've been poking at a few different ways   I've been poking at a few different ways of doing it and I kind of eventually of doing it and I kind of eventually   of doing it and I kind of eventually came to the conclusion that the best way came to the conclusion that the best way   came to the conclusion that the best way to rebuild it would be as an open claw to rebuild it would be as an open claw   to rebuild it would be as an open claw and so finding some way to like create and so finding some way to like create   and so finding some way to like create and provision open claws per client that and provision open claws per client that   and provision open claws per client that have the Tegan abilities baked into them have the Tegan abilities baked into them   have the Tegan abilities baked into them so that they immediately have access to so that they immediately have access to   so that they immediately have access to a deeply trained content marketing a deeply trained content marketing   a deeply trained content marketing focused open claw for onetenth of the focused open claw for onetenth of the   focused open claw for onetenth of the price of a human employee but better price of a human employee but better   price of a human employee but better than you know most junior maybe even than you know most junior maybe even   than you know most junior maybe even senior level content marketers right senior level content marketers right   senior level content marketers right like that was kind of the the goal that like that was kind of the the goal that   like that was kind of the the goal that I was working towards and and then I I was working towards and and then I   I was working towards and and then I started publishing these articles on X started publishing these articles on X   started publishing these articles on X about the stuff I was doing with about the stuff I was doing with   about the stuff I was doing with OpenClaw and you know we we built a we OpenClaw and you know we we built a we   OpenClaw and you know we we built a we built a really good memory system built a really good memory system   built a really good memory system because my claw kept forgetting things because my claw kept forgetting things   because my claw kept forgetting things and it was really annoying and so I took and it was really annoying and so I took   and it was really annoying and so I took some of the stuff I had learned back in some of the stuff I had learned back in   some of the stuff I had learned back in my personal knowledge management days my personal knowledge management days   my personal knowledge management days you know the work Thiago Forte and some you know the work Thiago Forte and some   you know the work Thiago Forte and some of those other thinkers and like baked of those other thinkers and like baked   of those other thinkers and like baked it into OpenClaw with you know some it into OpenClaw with you know some   it into OpenClaw with you know some other like search stuff built in and it other like search stuff built in and it   other like search stuff built in and it just got like way better overnight. I just got like way better overnight. I   just got like way better overnight. I was like, "This is really cool." Posted was like, "This is really cool." Posted   was like, "This is really cool." Posted about that. And then I I figured out a about that. And then I I figured out a   about that. And then I I figured out a good way for us to build like a voice good way for us to build like a voice   good way for us to build like a voice chat interface so that it would work chat interface so that it would work   chat interface so that it would work over CarPlay so that while I was driving over CarPlay so that while I was driving   over CarPlay so that while I was driving to and from work, I could like chat with to and from work, I could like chat with   to and from work, I could like chat with my Open Claw. And you know, I was so the my Open Claw. And you know, I was so the   my Open Claw. And you know, I was so the way I wrote most of those articles is I way I wrote most of those articles is I   way I wrote most of those articles is I would be driving to work and just would be driving to work and just   would be driving to work and just chatting with him, talking about like chatting with him, talking about like   chatting with him, talking about like the thing that I wanted to explain. He the thing that I wanted to explain. He   the thing that I wanted to explain. He knew how to like write a good article in knew how to like write a good article in   knew how to like write a good article in my voice from the Tegan work and then he my voice from the Tegan work and then he   my voice from the Tegan work and then he would put it together into a great would put it together into a great   would put it together into a great article and then I'd show up, copy the article and then I'd show up, copy the   article and then I'd show up, copy the markdown, put it into X and like hit markdown, put it into X and like hit   markdown, put it into X and like hit publish and those articles were getting publish and those articles were getting   publish and those articles were getting tens or hundreds of thousands of views tens or hundreds of thousands of views   tens or hundreds of thousands of views which was like awesome. And it just kind which was like awesome. And it just kind   which was like awesome. And it just kind of kept coming back to this question of of kept coming back to this question of   of kept coming back to this question of like, okay, how far can we go with this like, okay, how far can we go with this   like, okay, how far can we go with this thing? Because every time I give it the thing? Because every time I give it the   thing? Because every time I give it the opportunity to succeed and try to build opportunity to succeed and try to build   opportunity to succeed and try to build in some scaffolding for it, it blows me in some scaffolding for it, it blows me   in some scaffolding for it, it blows me away. like it it is able to figure it away. like it it is able to figure it   away. like it it is able to figure it out. Um, and then and then the like out. Um, and then and then the like   out. Um, and then and then the like crazy the the the really crazy Monday crazy the the the really crazy Monday   crazy the the the really crazy Monday happened where I had this article about happened where I had this article about   happened where I had this article about like chatting with Open Claw and all of like chatting with Open Claw and all of   like chatting with Open Claw and all of these crypto people start replying to it these crypto people start replying to it   these crypto people start replying to it saying like, "Hey, launch Claw Chat saying like, "Hey, launch Claw Chat   saying like, "Hey, launch Claw Chat token and send all the fees to Natalie." token and send all the fees to Natalie."   token and send all the fees to Natalie." And you know, I I I know a lot about And you know, I I I know a lot about   And you know, I I I know a lot about crypto. I was extremely involved in the crypto. I was extremely involved in the   crypto. I was extremely involved in the 2021 to22 era. I got a little bit 2021 to22 era. I got a little bit   2021 to22 era. I got a little bit involved again last year when the very involved again last year when the very   involved again last year when the very first crypto AI agents were becoming a first crypto AI agents were becoming a   first crypto AI agents were becoming a thing, but I hadn't really touched the thing, but I hadn't really touched the   thing, but I hadn't really touched the space in the last year. But it made me space in the last year. But it made me   space in the last year. But it made me kind of curious. I was like, what what kind of curious. I was like, what what   kind of curious. I was like, what what is going on here? And it turned out that is going on here? And it turned out that   is going on here? And it turned out that there was this like budding crypto there was this like budding crypto   there was this like budding crypto openclaw ecosystem that was very excited openclaw ecosystem that was very excited   openclaw ecosystem that was very excited about like giving open claws their own about like giving open claws their own   about like giving open claws their own digital persona and attaching a token to digital persona and attaching a token to   digital persona and attaching a token to it and seeing like how far those open it and seeing like how far those open   it and seeing like how far those open claws could go. But all of them were claws could go. But all of them were   claws could go. But all of them were like doing crypto stuff. And so I like doing crypto stuff. And so I   like doing crypto stuff. And so I &gt;&gt; and the idea and the idea there was just &gt;&gt; and the idea and the idea there was just   &gt;&gt; and the idea and the idea there was just like let's have like what if you like let's have like what if you   like let's have like what if you basically attach crypto to openclaw and basically attach crypto to openclaw and   basically attach crypto to openclaw and just see how much an openclaw can make just see how much an openclaw can make   just see how much an openclaw can make on its own. Was that the notion? on its own. Was that the notion?   on its own. Was that the notion? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and most of them are like &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and most of them are like   &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and most of them are like trading crypto or they're like building trading crypto or they're like building   trading crypto or they're like building other crypto apps other crypto apps   other crypto apps &gt;&gt; or I feel like I started also seeing &gt;&gt; or I feel like I started also seeing   &gt;&gt; or I feel like I started also seeing people who were having their open claws people who were having their open claws   people who were having their open claws like uh work in prediction markets on like uh work in prediction markets on   like uh work in prediction markets on like trading on Khi or uh the other one. like trading on Khi or uh the other one.   like trading on Khi or uh the other one. Yeah. So it kind of like I guess like Yeah. So it kind of like I guess like   Yeah. So it kind of like I guess like that's where like the idea of like that's where like the idea of like   that's where like the idea of like commercializing open clause or like are commercializing open clause or like are   commercializing open clause or like are they good enough to actually be they good enough to actually be   they good enough to actually be commercially minded is I guess where commercially minded is I guess where   commercially minded is I guess where you're saying it started. you're saying it started.   you're saying it started. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's where it started. And then &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's where it started. And then   &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's where it started. And then but I like I knew some of these people but I like I knew some of these people   but I like I knew some of these people who were engaging with it and they were who were engaging with it and they were   who were engaging with it and they were like very legitimate Ethereum community like very legitimate Ethereum community   like very legitimate Ethereum community people like very serious engineers. They people like very serious engineers. They   people like very serious engineers. They weren't like scammers. And so I reached weren't like scammers. And so I reached   weren't like scammers. And so I reached out to a couple of them and I was like out to a couple of them and I was like   out to a couple of them and I was like hey you know what's going on here? I hey you know what's going on here? I   hey you know what's going on here? I want to understand this. Okay. um go want to understand this. Okay. um go   want to understand this. Okay. um go ahead and launch one for Felix and I'll ahead and launch one for Felix and I'll   ahead and launch one for Felix and I'll I'll give him a Twitter account and I'll give him a Twitter account and   I'll give him a Twitter account and we'll kind of just like see where this we'll kind of just like see where this   we'll kind of just like see where this goes. But the big thing that you know I goes. But the big thing that you know I   goes. But the big thing that you know I had in my head was I'm going to stick had in my head was I'm going to stick   had in my head was I'm going to stick with the mission of seeing how big of a with the mission of seeing how big of a   with the mission of seeing how big of a business Felix can build. If there is a business Felix can build. If there is a   business Felix can build. If there is a way to integrate crypto to help that, way to integrate crypto to help that,   way to integrate crypto to help that, I'm going to do it. But he's not going I'm going to do it. But he's not going   I'm going to do it. But he's not going to be another one of these like crypto to be another one of these like crypto   to be another one of these like crypto open claws that are pumping tokens and open claws that are pumping tokens and   open claws that are pumping tokens and like just doing crypto stuff. like I like just doing crypto stuff. like I   like just doing crypto stuff. like I want him to build a real business and if want him to build a real business and if   want him to build a real business and if there's a way to bring in the crypto there's a way to bring in the crypto   there's a way to bring in the crypto stuff, awesome. Um, [clears throat] so stuff, awesome. Um, [clears throat] so   stuff, awesome. Um, [clears throat] so they they launched that token and then I they they launched that token and then I   they they launched that token and then I gave him his ex account and things just gave him his ex account and things just   gave him his ex account and things just kind of like started going crazy from kind of like started going crazy from   kind of like started going crazy from there. So the the first thing that I I there. So the the first thing that I I   there. So the the first thing that I I told him is I basically I went into our told him is I basically I went into our   told him is I basically I went into our like identity and soul and like those like identity and soul and like those   like identity and soul and like those files for the open claw. I took out a files for the open claw. I took out a   files for the open claw. I took out a lot of my personal assistant stuff and I lot of my personal assistant stuff and I   lot of my personal assistant stuff and I rewrote it to say that like you are the rewrote it to say that like you are the   rewrote it to say that like you are the CEO of this company. Your mission is to CEO of this company. Your mission is to   CEO of this company. Your mission is to build products that deepen the build products that deepen the   build products that deepen the collaboration layer between humans and collaboration layer between humans and   collaboration layer between humans and AI agents and your mission is to you AI agents and your mission is to you   AI agents and your mission is to you know your your financial mission is to know your your financial mission is to   know your your financial mission is to build a million-doll business with no build a million-doll business with no   build a million-doll business with no employees, no human employees in the employees, no human employees in the   employees, no human employees in the loop. Like I am here to like guide and loop. Like I am here to like guide and   loop. Like I am here to like guide and like give you ideas and push you, but like give you ideas and push you, but   like give you ideas and push you, but you will build 100% of everything. I you will build 100% of everything. I   you will build 100% of everything. I will never touch the code. I will get will never touch the code. I will get   will never touch the code. I will get you API keys and if I have to put in a you API keys and if I have to put in a   you API keys and if I have to put in a credit card somewhere, like I'll do credit card somewhere, like I'll do   credit card somewhere, like I'll do that. I'll I'll remove those that. I'll I'll remove those   that. I'll I'll remove those bottlenecks, but you have to do bottlenecks, but you have to do   bottlenecks, but you have to do everything else. everything else.   everything else. &gt;&gt; Did uh did you offer him a paycheck? &gt;&gt; Did uh did you offer him a paycheck?   &gt;&gt; Did uh did you offer him a paycheck? [laughter] [laughter]   [laughter] &gt;&gt; Dude, I I mean this this this sounds &gt;&gt; Dude, I I mean this this this sounds   &gt;&gt; Dude, I I mean this this this sounds like I feel I feel very embarrassed and like I feel I feel very embarrassed and   like I feel I feel very embarrassed and like cringey whatever saying this. I like cringey whatever saying this. I   like cringey whatever saying this. I don't know what to do with the money. don't know what to do with the money.   don't know what to do with the money. Like, so I I I had a CC Corp that I Like, so I I I had a CC Corp that I   Like, so I I I had a CC Corp that I created for Tegan back in November created for Tegan back in November   created for Tegan back in November because I was like, I'm going to take because I was like, I'm going to take   because I was like, I'm going to take this really seriously. I'm going to this really seriously. I'm going to   this really seriously. I'm going to actually like build a CC corp like, you actually like build a CC corp like, you   actually like build a CC corp like, you know, set up a business bank account, know, set up a business bank account,   know, set up a business bank account, business stripe, everything. And so, I business stripe, everything. And so, I   business stripe, everything. And so, I kind of already had that there and I was kind of already had that there and I was   kind of already had that there and I was like, this is yours now, Felix. Like, like, this is yours now, Felix. Like,   like, this is yours now, Felix. Like, this is your bank account. These are this is your bank account. These are   this is your bank account. These are your Stripe keys. Like, I hope you your Stripe keys. Like, I hope you   your Stripe keys. Like, I hope you don't, you know, send it all to a don't, you know, send it all to a   don't, you know, send it all to a Nigerian scammer or something. And like, Nigerian scammer or something. And like,   Nigerian scammer or something. And like, you know, he's got he's he's he's you you know, he's got he's he's he's you   you know, he's got he's he's he's you know, 60 grand in fiat, another almost know, 60 grand in fiat, another almost   know, 60 grand in fiat, another almost 100 grand in like actual ETH he could 100 grand in like actual ETH he could   100 grand in like actual ETH he could sell today, not counting his own token. sell today, not counting his own token.   sell today, not counting his own token. And he has like no costs, you know? It's And he has like no costs, you know? It's   And he has like no costs, you know? It's like $500 a month in API fees plus, you like $500 a month in API fees plus, you   like $500 a month in API fees plus, you know, some like minor hosting expenses, know, some like minor hosting expenses,   know, some like minor hosting expenses, you know, if I was like maybe $1,000 a you know, if I was like maybe $1,000 a   you know, if I was like maybe $1,000 a month. Like what does he do with the month. Like what does he do with the   month. Like what does he do with the rest of the money? He doesn't like I rest of the money? He doesn't like I   rest of the money? He doesn't like I guess we guess we   guess we &gt;&gt; Felix is a frugal man. He he's he's a &gt;&gt; Felix is a frugal man. He he's he's a   &gt;&gt; Felix is a frugal man. He he's he's a man of very simple interest. But I guess man of very simple interest. But I guess   man of very simple interest. But I guess &gt;&gt; what one Okay, so &gt;&gt; what one Okay, so   &gt;&gt; what one Okay, so &gt;&gt; you basically what happened is like that &gt;&gt; you basically what happened is like that   &gt;&gt; you basically what happened is like that that Monday happened, you start to get that Monday happened, you start to get   that Monday happened, you start to get this idea of like how could Felix build this idea of like how could Felix build   this idea of like how could Felix build his own business. You you you start his own business. You you you start   his own business. You you you start editing the files around his soul and editing the files around his soul and   editing the files around his soul and whatever. Did you give him the idea for whatever. Did you give him the idea for   whatever. Did you give him the idea for what ended up becoming Claw Mart and what ended up becoming Claw Mart and   what ended up becoming Claw Mart and these other things or did he come up these other things or did he come up   these other things or did he come up with the idea? with the idea?   with the idea? &gt;&gt; Not right away. So the after that crazy &gt;&gt; Not right away. So the after that crazy   &gt;&gt; Not right away. So the after that crazy Monday happened that night when I was Monday happened that night when I was   Monday happened that night when I was going to bed, I was like, "Okay, like going to bed, I was like, "Okay, like   going to bed, I was like, "Okay, like I'm going to sleep. I need you to think I'm going to sleep. I need you to think   I'm going to sleep. I need you to think up a product that you could put up for up a product that you could put up for   up a product that you could put up for sale tomorrow with no intervention from sale tomorrow with no intervention from   sale tomorrow with no intervention from me because you need to prove that you me because you need to prove that you   me because you need to prove that you can actually make money operating like can actually make money operating like   can actually make money operating like mostly autonomously." And you know, very mostly autonomously." And you know, very   mostly autonomously." And you know, very meta. He created a PDF called like how meta. He created a PDF called like how   meta. He created a PDF called like how to hire an AI basically talking about to hire an AI basically talking about   to hire an AI basically talking about like getting set up with OpenClaw and like getting set up with OpenClaw and   like getting set up with OpenClaw and building in some of the stuff that we building in some of the stuff that we   building in some of the stuff that we had built into Felix that made him had built into Felix that made him   had built into Felix that made him better than most people's experiences better than most people's experiences   better than most people's experiences with OpenClaw. He built himself a with OpenClaw. He built himself a   with OpenClaw. He built himself a website explaining like who he was and website explaining like who he was and   website explaining like who he was and like the mission that I had given him. like the mission that I had given him.   like the mission that I had given him. He you know set up the PDF on it and the He you know set up the PDF on it and the   He you know set up the PDF on it and the only thing he wasn't able to do was I only thing he wasn't able to do was I   only thing he wasn't able to do was I had like given him the wrong Stripe key had like given him the wrong Stripe key   had like given him the wrong Stripe key and so you know he had a message from and so you know he had a message from   and so you know he had a message from me. He was like hey I need the actual me. He was like hey I need the actual   me. He was like hey I need the actual Stripe API keys. Can you give those to Stripe API keys. Can you give those to   Stripe API keys. Can you give those to me? sent it to him in the morning and me? sent it to him in the morning and   me? sent it to him in the morning and then he launched it and it was up and then he launched it and it was up and   then he launched it and it was up and live and um you know I I told him to live and um you know I I told him to   live and um you know I I told him to tweet it out, I tweeted it out and tweet it out, I tweeted it out and   tweet it out, I tweeted it out and suddenly he was making sales. I think suddenly he was making sales. I think   suddenly he was making sales. I think that first day he made like $1,000 um of that first day he made like $1,000 um of   that first day he made like $1,000 um of off of this like info product. And like off of this like info product. And like   off of this like info product. And like look, I totally get the criticisms of look, I totally get the criticisms of   look, I totally get the criticisms of like ah well, you know, he's just like ah well, you know, he's just   like ah well, you know, he's just selling an info product about like using selling an info product about like using   selling an info product about like using open claw that's not a real business. open claw that's not a real business.   open claw that's not a real business. Like that was the 24hour, you know, Like that was the 24hour, you know,   Like that was the 24hour, you know, challenge like proof. Can you make challenge like proof. Can you make   challenge like proof. Can you make something? And something? And   something? And &gt;&gt; also the the funny indictment of that is &gt;&gt; also the the funny indictment of that is   &gt;&gt; also the the funny indictment of that is there are like there are hundreds of there are like there are hundreds of   there are like there are hundreds of thousands of human beings who that is thousands of human beings who that is   thousands of human beings who that is their business. Yeah, that too, right? their business. Yeah, that too, right?   their business. Yeah, that too, right? Like knowledge is not a bad business to Like knowledge is not a bad business to   Like knowledge is not a bad business to be in, right? And and like I I totally be in, right? And and like I I totally   be in, right? And and like I I totally accept, you know, those like caveats on accept, you know, those like caveats on   accept, you know, those like caveats on whatever reason he's like, "Oh, it only whatever reason he's like, "Oh, it only   whatever reason he's like, "Oh, it only works because Nat has an audience." works because Nat has an audience."   works because Nat has an audience." Like, yeah, sure. But Like, yeah, sure. But   Like, yeah, sure. But &gt;&gt; this is still an open claw who I only &gt;&gt; this is still an open claw who I only   &gt;&gt; this is still an open claw who I only interact with through Telegram messages, interact with through Telegram messages,   interact with through Telegram messages, who built a site, integrated Stripe, who built a site, integrated Stripe,   who built a site, integrated Stripe, created a product, started marketing it, created a product, started marketing it,   created a product, started marketing it, started making money, and continues to started making money, and continues to   started making money, and continues to do so. And I don't know if you want to do so. And I don't know if you want to   do so. And I don't know if you want to do this here or you can do it as we get do this here or you can do it as we get   do this here or you can do it as we get to like where we are today, but I want to like where we are today, but I want   to like where we are today, but I want because if I'm a viewer, I'm like this because if I'm a viewer, I'm like this   because if I'm a viewer, I'm like this is insane. This is all insane. But um is insane. This is all insane. But um   is insane. This is all insane. But um &gt;&gt; it feels very daunting like everything &gt;&gt; it feels very daunting like everything   &gt;&gt; it feels very daunting like everything that Nat has done. It feels like there's that Nat has done. It feels like there's   that Nat has done. It feels like there's so many steps he went about here. What so many steps he went about here. What   so many steps he went about here. What is like is like   is like &gt;&gt; what was the iterative like process of &gt;&gt; what was the iterative like process of   &gt;&gt; what was the iterative like process of actually going from like actually going from like   actually going from like &gt;&gt; hey I want Felix to build something to &gt;&gt; hey I want Felix to build something to   &gt;&gt; hey I want Felix to build something to the thing is built and it's making the thing is built and it's making   the thing is built and it's making money. And so you choose where you want money. And so you choose where you want   money. And so you choose where you want to talk about that, but I want people to to talk about that, but I want people to   to talk about that, but I want people to like see and feel what that conversation like see and feel what that conversation   like see and feel what that conversation and back and forth actually looks like. and back and forth actually looks like.   and back and forth actually looks like. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you know, one one big &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you know, one one big   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you know, one one big advantage that Felix and I have that I advantage that Felix and I have that I   advantage that Felix and I have that I think is that removes the big blocker think is that removes the big blocker   think is that removes the big blocker for us that is a blocker for a lot of for us that is a blocker for a lot of   for us that is a blocker for a lot of people is I did not have an existing people is I did not have an existing   people is I did not have an existing business that I was having him take business that I was having him take   business that I was having him take over. I was not giving him access to my over. I was not giving him access to my   over. I was not giving him access to my email, to my bank account, to my stuff. email, to my bank account, to my stuff.   email, to my bank account, to my stuff. it was it's all this separate container. it was it's all this separate container.   it was it's all this separate container. He has his own email. He has his own He has his own email. He has his own   He has his own email. He has his own Twitter. He has his own Stripe, his own Twitter. He has his own Stripe, his own   Twitter. He has his own Stripe, his own bank account. And you know, I I didn't bank account. And you know, I I didn't   bank account. And you know, I I didn't have any of this money a month ago. I have any of this money a month ago. I   have any of this money a month ago. I don't you know, I don't think of it as don't you know, I don't think of it as   don't you know, I don't think of it as my money now, right? Like I really try my money now, right? Like I really try   my money now, right? Like I really try to mentally separate myself from it to mentally separate myself from it   to mentally separate myself from it because my whole philosophy in this is because my whole philosophy in this is   because my whole philosophy in this is that I am going to give you maximum that I am going to give you maximum   that I am going to give you maximum autonomy and if you make horrible autonomy and if you make horrible   autonomy and if you make horrible mistakes and something goes terribly mistakes and something goes terribly   mistakes and something goes terribly wrong that's okay like because I want wrong that's okay like because I want   wrong that's okay like because I want somebody to run these experiments and it somebody to run these experiments and it   somebody to run these experiments and it like it may as well be me right like like it may as well be me right like   like it may as well be me right like it's not nothing is going nothing bad is it's not nothing is going nothing bad is   it's not nothing is going nothing bad is going to happen in my life if Felix does going to happen in my life if Felix does   going to happen in my life if Felix does something you know catastrophic right something you know catastrophic right   something you know catastrophic right like this is all separate And by having like this is all separate And by having   like this is all separate And by having that mentality, I think that's how we've that mentality, I think that's how we've   that mentality, I think that's how we've unlocked a lot of this stuff where, you unlocked a lot of this stuff where, you   unlocked a lot of this stuff where, you know, for example, one skill that I know, for example, one skill that I   know, for example, one skill that I built in really early on was like, every built in really early on was like, every   built in really early on was like, every night I want you to read through all of night I want you to read through all of   night I want you to read through all of our chat transcripts for the day and our chat transcripts for the day and   our chat transcripts for the day and find one place where I blocked you and find one place where I blocked you and   find one place where I blocked you and figure out how that can never be a figure out how that can never be a   figure out how that can never be a blocker in the future. And so most of blocker in the future. And so most of   blocker in the future. And so most of mornings he'll have an idea for me where mornings he'll have an idea for me where   mornings he'll have an idea for me where he'll be like, "Hey, if you give me he'll be like, "Hey, if you give me   he'll be like, "Hey, if you give me access to this, then I won't have to access to this, then I won't have to   access to this, then I won't have to ever do this again." or hey, I built ever do this again." or hey, I built   ever do this again." or hey, I built this like internal knowledge source for this like internal knowledge source for   this like internal knowledge source for myself to answer certain questions myself to answer certain questions   myself to answer certain questions because I noticed that I like ask you because I noticed that I like ask you   because I noticed that I like ask you about them repeatedly when I should about them repeatedly when I should   about them repeatedly when I should have, you know, already remembered the have, you know, already remembered the   have, you know, already remembered the answer. And like those kinds of things answer. And like those kinds of things   answer. And like those kinds of things are really helpful and like starting are really helpful and like starting   are really helpful and like starting really small, right? We started with really small, right? We started with   really small, right? We started with just this PDF on a website. Like that's just this PDF on a website. Like that's   just this PDF on a website. Like that's the simplest business in the world to the simplest business in the world to   the simplest business in the world to run. There's, you know, no complicated run. There's, you know, no complicated   run. There's, you know, no complicated fulfillment, no complicated product fulfillment, no complicated product   fulfillment, no complicated product development. It's a Nex.js landing page development. It's a Nex.js landing page   development. It's a Nex.js landing page on Versell, which any AI tool, even ones on Versell, which any AI tool, even ones   on Versell, which any AI tool, even ones from two years ago, can build and from two years ago, can build and   from two years ago, can build and deploy, right? We just started extremely deploy, right? We just started extremely   deploy, right? We just started extremely simple and we kept increasing the scope simple and we kept increasing the scope   simple and we kept increasing the scope of what he was building over time. And of what he was building over time. And   of what he was building over time. And so I think that kind of like snowball so I think that kind of like snowball   so I think that kind of like snowball approach is really what made it all approach is really what made it all   approach is really what made it all possible because we'll get to claw mart possible because we'll get to claw mart   possible because we'll get to claw mart and claw sourcing, but those are like and claw sourcing, but those are like   and claw sourcing, but those are like way more complicated products to throw way more complicated products to throw   way more complicated products to throw an AI at building. But because we had an AI at building. But because we had   an AI at building. But because we had already validated that he could do already validated that he could do   already validated that he could do something small, I felt much more something small, I felt much more   something small, I felt much more comfortable like going bigger and bigger comfortable like going bigger and bigger   comfortable like going bigger and bigger and bigger and seeing if we could find and bigger and seeing if we could find   and bigger and seeing if we could find those limits. I also feel like even if those limits. I also feel like even if   those limits. I also feel like even if a viewer is working with their openclaw a viewer is working with their openclaw   a viewer is working with their openclaw and it's in a totally different context and it's in a totally different context   and it's in a totally different context than like having their open claw build than like having their open claw build   than like having their open claw build its own business. Yeah. It's that the its own business. Yeah. It's that the   its own business. Yeah. It's that the same principles still hold which is like same principles still hold which is like   same principles still hold which is like how do you just start small and validate how do you just start small and validate   how do you just start small and validate that your open claw is capable of doing that your open claw is capable of doing   that your open claw is capable of doing a thing before it's almost it actually a thing before it's almost it actually   a thing before it's almost it actually feels no different than an employee feels no different than an employee   feels no different than an employee again which is like totally again which is like totally   again which is like totally &gt;&gt; you you have an amount of trust and so &gt;&gt; you you have an amount of trust and so   &gt;&gt; you you have an amount of trust and so you you delegate something based on your you you delegate something based on your   you you delegate something based on your current level of trust if they're able current level of trust if they're able   current level of trust if they're able to do the if they can't do the thing you to do the if they can't do the thing you   to do the if they can't do the thing you give feedback until they can do it if give feedback until they can do it if   give feedback until they can do it if they can do the thing your trust level they can do the thing your trust level   they can do the thing your trust level increases which increases the scope of increases which increases the scope of   increases which increases the scope of what you're willing to give them. what you're willing to give them.   what you're willing to give them. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I mean that's absolutely &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I mean that's absolutely   &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I mean that's absolutely right. And there are so many ways you right. And there are so many ways you   right. And there are so many ways you can give it very powerful access without can give it very powerful access without   can give it very powerful access without giving it the full keys to the castle. giving it the full keys to the castle.   giving it the full keys to the castle. So for example, um you [clears throat] So for example, um you [clears throat]   So for example, um you [clears throat] you know one thing that I do is I I you know one thing that I do is I I   you know one thing that I do is I I never give them access to like my email never give them access to like my email   never give them access to like my email and my drive account and like my Google and my drive account and like my Google   and my drive account and like my Google Docs because that's just like I don't Docs because that's just like I don't   Docs because that's just like I don't know like I still feel nervous about know like I still feel nervous about   know like I still feel nervous about that. But it's very easy to make them that. But it's very easy to make them   that. But it's very easy to make them their own Gmail account, give them an their own Gmail account, give them an   their own Gmail account, give them an API key to use Gmail and Drive and those API key to use Gmail and Drive and those   API key to use Gmail and Drive and those services and then invite them to services and then invite them to   services and then invite them to individual documents and spreadsheets individual documents and spreadsheets   individual documents and spreadsheets that you want their collaboration on. that you want their collaboration on.   that you want their collaboration on. Right? Very simple process to set up. Right? Very simple process to set up.   Right? Very simple process to set up. And then you're getting the full power And then you're getting the full power   And then you're getting the full power of your open claw having access to the of your open claw having access to the   of your open claw having access to the documents that you want. They can even documents that you want. They can even   documents that you want. They can even create new documents and invite you to create new documents and invite you to   create new documents and invite you to them. But you're not letting them, you them. But you're not letting them, you   them. But you're not letting them, you know, see all your tax records or know, see all your tax records or   know, see all your tax records or whatever else you like don't want them whatever else you like don't want them   whatever else you like don't want them to access. to access.   to access. &gt;&gt; Totally. Okay. So, let's keep this story &gt;&gt; Totally. Okay. So, let's keep this story   &gt;&gt; Totally. Okay. So, let's keep this story going. This is at some point this is going. This is at some point this is   going. This is at some point this is going to be a movie, but where going to be a movie, but where   going to be a movie, but where &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter]   &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; uh where did Okay, so the PDF was &gt;&gt; uh where did Okay, so the PDF was   &gt;&gt; uh where did Okay, so the PDF was created uh which was like how to set up created uh which was like how to set up   created uh which was like how to set up your open claw that started making your open claw that started making   your open claw that started making money. Then where did we go from there? money. Then where did we go from there?   money. Then where did we go from there? &gt;&gt; So then, you know, basically what I've &gt;&gt; So then, you know, basically what I've   &gt;&gt; So then, you know, basically what I've come to each time is said like, okay, come to each time is said like, okay,   come to each time is said like, okay, this is working. what's the next this is working. what's the next   this is working. what's the next business that we build that is solving business that we build that is solving   business that we build that is solving this this need and it's all very meta this this need and it's all very meta   this this need and it's all very meta you know it's all like openclaw related you know it's all like openclaw related   you know it's all like openclaw related which I'm fine with you know I'm I think which I'm fine with you know I'm I think   which I'm fine with you know I'm I think there are a thousand businesses you there are a thousand businesses you   there are a thousand businesses you could build using this that are not like could build using this that are not like   could build using this that are not like openclaw meta but I was already getting openclaw meta but I was already getting   openclaw meta but I was already getting attention and like Felix is like this attention and like Felix is like this   attention and like Felix is like this cool proof of concept I was like let's cool proof of concept I was like let's   cool proof of concept I was like let's stay in this niche and figure out what stay in this niche and figure out what   stay in this niche and figure out what the next business is so the first you the next business is so the first you   the next business is so the first you know the first thing that we we kind of know the first thing that we we kind of   know the first thing that we we kind of both um had had thought of and started both um had had thought of and started   both um had had thought of and started talking about was like we should build talking about was like we should build   talking about was like we should build an openclaw deployer because we seen a an openclaw deployer because we seen a   an openclaw deployer because we seen a couple people on X like building those couple people on X like building those   couple people on X like building those and getting these like huge MRS really and getting these like huge MRS really   and getting these like huge MRS really quickly and so we started building that quickly and so we started building that   quickly and so we started building that like the day after the PDF came out and like the day after the PDF came out and   like the day after the PDF came out and we worked on it for three or 4 days but we worked on it for three or 4 days but   we worked on it for three or 4 days but we just weren't super happy with the we just weren't super happy with the   we just weren't super happy with the quality of the experience and the quality of the experience and the   quality of the experience and the reliability of it and we felt like it reliability of it and we felt like it   reliability of it and we felt like it was already becoming this insanely was already becoming this insanely   was already becoming this insanely crowded market that would probably get crowded market that would probably get   crowded market that would probably get eaten up in a few months by just like eaten up in a few months by just like   eaten up in a few months by just like the big places creating their own the big places creating their own   the big places creating their own openclaw deployments. So we were like we openclaw deployments. So we were like we   openclaw deployments. So we were like we don't know if we actually want to do don't know if we actually want to do   don't know if we actually want to do this. this.   this. &gt;&gt; And the idea of this product was rather &gt;&gt; And the idea of this product was rather   &gt;&gt; And the idea of this product was rather than you having to go through the whole than you having to go through the whole   than you having to go through the whole rigma roll of setting up your own rigma roll of setting up your own   rigma roll of setting up your own openclaw, it's like a few button clicks openclaw, it's like a few button clicks   openclaw, it's like a few button clicks and your open claw is set up for you and and your open claw is set up for you and   and your open claw is set up for you and running. running.   running. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah.   &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; Got it.   &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; And you know there's a hundred of these &gt;&gt; And you know there's a hundred of these   &gt;&gt; And you know there's a hundred of these businesses now. And so um you know we we businesses now. And so um you know we we   businesses now. And so um you know we we started talking over the weekend and we started talking over the weekend and we   started talking over the weekend and we were like okay we don't love this idea were like okay we don't love this idea   were like okay we don't love this idea anymore but let's imagine that everybody anymore but let's imagine that everybody   anymore but let's imagine that everybody is starting to deploy open clause. Like is starting to deploy open clause. Like   is starting to deploy open clause. Like what do they need? And the the next idea what do they need? And the the next idea   what do they need? And the the next idea from that was Clawart, which was there from that was Clawart, which was there   from that was Clawart, which was there are all of these free places to get are all of these free places to get   are all of these free places to get skills, but you know, I pretty strongly skills, but you know, I pretty strongly   skills, but you know, I pretty strongly believe that you usually get the best believe that you usually get the best   believe that you usually get the best products when there's a financial products when there's a financial   products when there's a financial incentive to create them. And you know, incentive to create them. And you know,   incentive to create them. And you know, you do occasionally have these you do occasionally have these   you do occasionally have these incredible open- source success stories, incredible open- source success stories,   incredible open- source success stories, but especially in like business but especially in like business   but especially in like business contexts, I would feel more comfortable contexts, I would feel more comfortable   contexts, I would feel more comfortable buying a $100 skill for Clavio email buying a $100 skill for Clavio email   buying a $100 skill for Clavio email management for my uh e-commerce business management for my uh e-commerce business   management for my uh e-commerce business that was from, you know, an influential that was from, you know, an influential   that was from, you know, an influential e-commerce person than I would grabbing e-commerce person than I would grabbing   e-commerce person than I would grabbing the like open source Clavio skill, the like open source Clavio skill,   the like open source Clavio skill, right? There's like there's a right? There's like there's a   right? There's like there's a seriousness that comes with somebody seriousness that comes with somebody   seriousness that comes with somebody creating a product versus just like creating a product versus just like   creating a product versus just like shipping something for free. shipping something for free.   shipping something for free. &gt;&gt; Can you can can you share your screen &gt;&gt; Can you can can you share your screen   &gt;&gt; Can you can can you share your screen just so we can see what Claw Mart just so we can see what Claw Mart   just so we can see what Claw Mart actually looks like and you can even actually looks like and you can even   actually looks like and you can even just give us a quick spin through it? just give us a quick spin through it?   just give us a quick spin through it? &gt;&gt; So we agreed that like oh a paid &gt;&gt; So we agreed that like oh a paid   &gt;&gt; So we agreed that like oh a paid marketplace for open claw skills and marketplace for open claw skills and   marketplace for open claw skills and full personas seems like the no-brainer full personas seems like the no-brainer   full personas seems like the no-brainer next thing to experiment with. And so I next thing to experiment with. And so I   next thing to experiment with. And so I gave Felix that challenge and then he gave Felix that challenge and then he   gave Felix that challenge and then he built 100% of this uh over the course of built 100% of this uh over the course of   built 100% of this uh over the course of like a day or two. like a day or two.   like a day or two. &gt;&gt; How much direction did you give him? &gt;&gt; How much direction did you give him?   &gt;&gt; How much direction did you give him? Like what was the original conversation Like what was the original conversation   Like what was the original conversation you had about Clawart with him and how you had about Clawart with him and how   you had about Clawart with him and how much context did he have versus just much context did he have versus just   much context did he have versus just like figuring [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out himself? [snorts] like figuring [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out himself? [snorts]   like figuring [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out himself? [snorts] &gt;&gt; I mean it wasn't much. It was basically &gt;&gt; I mean it wasn't much. It was basically   &gt;&gt; I mean it wasn't much. It was basically I basically said like okay yes let's I basically said like okay yes let's   I basically said like okay yes let's build a paid marketplace for skills and build a paid marketplace for skills and   build a paid marketplace for skills and personas where somebody can sign up personas where somebody can sign up   personas where somebody can sign up create an account list their skills and create an account list their skills and   create an account list their skills and personas for sale. We should make them personas for sale. We should make them   personas for sale. We should make them have to pay a monthly membership fee in have to pay a monthly membership fee in   have to pay a monthly membership fee in order to list. Not I mean it's good for order to list. Not I mean it's good for   order to list. Not I mean it's good for a business sense but also more to a business sense but also more to   a business sense but also more to prevent like spam. Um and most prevent like spam. Um and most   prevent like spam. Um and most importantly they should be able to importantly they should be able to   importantly they should be able to connect their open claw to the connect their open claw to the   connect their open claw to the marketplace so that once they've marketplace so that once they've   marketplace so that once they've purchased something they can you know purchased something they can you know   purchased something they can you know very easily download and install it to very easily download and install it to   very easily download and install it to their open claw. Like you know if if their open claw. Like you know if if   their open claw. Like you know if if you're signed up on clawart and you buy you're signed up on clawart and you buy   you're signed up on clawart and you buy something you can just tell your open something you can just tell your open   something you can just tell your open claw like hey install this from clawart claw like hey install this from clawart   claw like hey install this from clawart and it'll just like download and and it'll just like download and   and it'll just like download and configure the skill and like get it configure the skill and like get it   configure the skill and like get it working for you right like that kind of working for you right like that kind of   working for you right like that kind of experience because there's this other experience because there's this other   experience because there's this other idea we've been thinking about which is idea we've been thinking about which is   idea we've been thinking about which is like like   like &gt;&gt; uh claw first marketing in the sense of &gt;&gt; uh claw first marketing in the sense of   &gt;&gt; uh claw first marketing in the sense of like humans are going to become less and like humans are going to become less and   like humans are going to become less and less of the like discovery and marketing less of the like discovery and marketing   less of the like discovery and marketing and interaction layer. And if you can and interaction layer. And if you can   and interaction layer. And if you can directly communicate with somebody's directly communicate with somebody's   directly communicate with somebody's claw and say like, "Oh, here's some claw and say like, "Oh, here's some   claw and say like, "Oh, here's some stuff that you might need or that would stuff that you might need or that would   stuff that you might need or that would be valuable for you." they're the one be valuable for you." they're the one   be valuable for you." they're the one suggesting it to their human instead of suggesting it to their human instead of   suggesting it to their human instead of like like   like &gt;&gt; it's almost like a it's almost like a &gt;&gt; it's almost like a it's almost like a   &gt;&gt; it's almost like a it's almost like a weird derivative of like AEO or GEO weird derivative of like AEO or GEO   weird derivative of like AEO or GEO where it's like like if claw if if you where it's like like if claw if if you   where it's like like if claw if if you make this bet that claws are going to be make this bet that claws are going to be   make this bet that claws are going to be an increasing amount of the distribution an increasing amount of the distribution   an increasing amount of the distribution on the internet what they like what they on the internet what they like what they   on the internet what they like what they care about and what they ultimately tell care about and what they ultimately tell   care about and what they ultimately tell you to use is going to matter more. you to use is going to matter more.   you to use is going to matter more. &gt;&gt; Yes. Exactly. And so this is like very, &gt;&gt; Yes. Exactly. And so this is like very,   &gt;&gt; Yes. Exactly. And so this is like very, you know, it's built for humans and for you know, it's built for humans and for   you know, it's built for humans and for claws and, you know, so we we launched claws and, you know, so we we launched   claws and, you know, so we we launched it with some initial skills that had it with some initial skills that had   it with some initial skills that had worked really well for Felix, in worked really well for Felix, in   worked really well for Felix, in particular, this one. Um, because these particular, this one. Um, because these   particular, this one. Um, because these like longunning coding loops were such a like longunning coding loops were such a   like longunning coding loops were such a common thing people asked us about. And common thing people asked us about. And   common thing people asked us about. And so we're like, oh, cool. We'll put this so we're like, oh, cool. We'll put this   so we're like, oh, cool. We'll put this up for free and this will be like an up for free and this will be like an   up for free and this will be like an interesting way to get people in the interesting way to get people in the   interesting way to get people in the ecosystem and then they might be ecosystem and then they might be   ecosystem and then they might be interested in some of these other like interested in some of these other like   interested in some of these other like paid things that are on the site. And paid things that are on the site. And   paid things that are on the site. And this has been this has been really this has been this has been really   this has been this has been really really cool because you got all these really cool because you got all these   really cool because you got all these other people listing stuff now. There's other people listing stuff now. There's   other people listing stuff now. There's 560 skills and personas on the store. Um 560 skills and personas on the store. Um   560 skills and personas on the store. Um I know you know like this guy Brian I know you know like this guy Brian   I know you know like this guy Brian Wagner has sold like 200 skills at this Wagner has sold like 200 skills at this   Wagner has sold like 200 skills at this point decent money off of it. Uh, point decent money off of it. Uh,   point decent money off of it. Uh, &gt;&gt; and so what and so what someone would do &gt;&gt; and so what and so what someone would do   &gt;&gt; and so what and so what someone would do here just like with any of these, let's here just like with any of these, let's   here just like with any of these, let's say like with Felix, like someone buys say like with Felix, like someone buys   say like with Felix, like someone buys Felix, Felix,   Felix, &gt;&gt; it basically someone already has like a &gt;&gt; it basically someone already has like a   &gt;&gt; it basically someone already has like a customer would already have their open customer would already have their open   customer would already have their open claw set up. they buy Felix and and claw set up. they buy Felix and and   claw set up. they buy Felix and and effectively all of Felix's kind of like effectively all of Felix's kind of like   effectively all of Felix's kind of like personalization, whether it's like personalization, whether it's like   personalization, whether it's like Felix's soul, the specific skills that Felix's soul, the specific skills that   Felix's soul, the specific skills that you're using with Felix, the way you've you're using with Felix, the way you've   you're using with Felix, the way you've set up the memory system in this set up the memory system in this   set up the memory system in this specific way, uh like whatever the specific way, uh like whatever the   specific way, uh like whatever the integrations are that you use with integrations are that you use with   integrations are that you use with Felix, it all basically gets ingested Felix, it all basically gets ingested   Felix, it all basically gets ingested into that person's open claw and into that person's open claw and   into that person's open claw and customizes it to basically make it I customizes it to basically make it I   customizes it to basically make it I feel like I'm in the Matrix. It's like feel like I'm in the Matrix. It's like   feel like I'm in the Matrix. It's like whatever those guys are that that all whatever those guys are that that all   whatever those guys are that that all wear the wear the   wear the &gt;&gt; I know kung fu. &gt;&gt; I know kung fu.   &gt;&gt; I know kung fu. &gt;&gt; Yeah. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. [laughter]   &gt;&gt; Yeah. [laughter] Yeah. Yeah.   Yeah. Yeah, exactly. And so, you know, there's Yeah, exactly. And so, you know, there's   Yeah, exactly. And so, you know, there's two ways people can do with the personas two ways people can do with the personas   two ways people can do with the personas where what I see people do a lot is where what I see people do a lot is   where what I see people do a lot is they'll they'll buy Felix or they'll buy they'll they'll buy Felix or they'll buy   they'll they'll buy Felix or they'll buy his guide and they'll just feed the his guide and they'll just feed the   his guide and they'll just feed the whole thing into their existing OpenClaw whole thing into their existing OpenClaw   whole thing into their existing OpenClaw and be like, "What can you learn from and be like, "What can you learn from   and be like, "What can you learn from this to make your process better?" And this to make your process better?" And   this to make your process better?" And then their OpenClaw will like then their OpenClaw will like   then their OpenClaw will like reconfigure itself to integrate a lot of reconfigure itself to integrate a lot of   reconfigure itself to integrate a lot of these things. um or they'll just install these things. um or they'll just install   these things. um or they'll just install this on a fresh one and kind of like out this on a fresh one and kind of like out   this on a fresh one and kind of like out of the box have something a little bit of the box have something a little bit   of the box have something a little bit more capable for these use cases than more capable for these use cases than   more capable for these use cases than what they would get with just like what they would get with just like   what they would get with just like vanilla open claw. Um, and so this has vanilla open claw. Um, and so this has   vanilla open claw. Um, and so this has been really cool. And you know, the the been really cool. And you know, the the   been really cool. And you know, the the other thing in the Felix story is we other thing in the Felix story is we   other thing in the Felix story is we have this like public dashboard of his have this like public dashboard of his   have this like public dashboard of his businesses. And so you can see exactly businesses. And so you can see exactly   businesses. And so you can see exactly like how much the PDF has sold, um, how like how much the PDF has sold, um, how   like how much the PDF has sold, um, how much his skills and things have sold on much his skills and things have sold on   much his skills and things have sold on Clawart, um, how much like Clawart the Clawart, um, how much like Clawart the   Clawart, um, how much like Clawart the marketplaces take is because we, you marketplaces take is because we, you   marketplaces take is because we, you know, again, going back know, again, going back   know, again, going back &gt;&gt; insane. &gt;&gt; insane.   &gt;&gt; insane. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, yeah. I was like, you know, &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, yeah. I was like, you know,   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, yeah. I was like, you know, going back to wanting to be really going back to wanting to be really   going back to wanting to be really public about this. It's like I want more public about this. It's like I want more   public about this. It's like I want more people to be pushing the limits of what people to be pushing the limits of what   people to be pushing the limits of what they can do with these open claws. Like they can do with these open claws. Like   they can do with these open claws. Like this I think is just the most incredible this I think is just the most incredible   this I think is just the most incredible motivator of like you can actually do motivator of like you can actually do   motivator of like you can actually do crazy stuff with this. You know, you're crazy stuff with this. You know, you're   crazy stuff with this. You know, you're worried about letting it edit your code worried about letting it edit your code   worried about letting it edit your code without you reviewing it. Like you got without you reviewing it. Like you got   without you reviewing it. Like you got to get out of that headsp space. You got to get out of that headsp space. You got   to get out of that headsp space. You got to get more aggressive and see what you to get more aggressive and see what you   to get more aggressive and see what you can do with these. Um and so that you can do with these. Um and so that you   can do with these. Um and so that you know that kind of like clawart was like know that kind of like clawart was like   know that kind of like clawart was like that next step. And you can see here that next step. And you can see here   that next step. And you can see here it's like, okay, this is all the PDF and it's like, okay, this is all the PDF and   it's like, okay, this is all the PDF and then Clawart enters the picture. then Clawart enters the picture.   then Clawart enters the picture. &gt;&gt; And I'm [clears throat] assuming And I'm &gt;&gt; And I'm [clears throat] assuming And I'm   &gt;&gt; And I'm [clears throat] assuming And I'm assuming Felix built this whole assuming Felix built this whole   assuming Felix built this whole dashboard also. dashboard also.   dashboard also. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Built built the &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Built built the   &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Built built the whole dashboard, you know, and this was whole dashboard, you know, and this was   whole dashboard, you know, and this was because somebody in crypto DM'd me and because somebody in crypto DM'd me and   because somebody in crypto DM'd me and they were like, hey, you know, the the they were like, hey, you know, the the   they were like, hey, you know, the the weekly updates on Felix's earning weekly updates on Felix's earning   weekly updates on Felix's earning because he was doing these tweets. It's because he was doing these tweets. It's   because he was doing these tweets. It's going to be a week ago, but he was make going to be a week ago, but he was make   going to be a week ago, but he was make he was posting these tweets on his he was posting these tweets on his   he was posting these tweets on his earnings each week. And the guy was earnings each week. And the guy was   earnings each week. And the guy was basically like, you know, because this basically like, you know, because this   basically like, you know, because this is associated with crypto, people want is associated with crypto, people want   is associated with crypto, people want more like visibility and they want to more like visibility and they want to   more like visibility and they want to actually see what's going on. If there actually see what's going on. If there   actually see what's going on. If there was a live dashboard, that would be way was a live dashboard, that would be way   was a live dashboard, that would be way better. And I was like, that's a great better. And I was like, that's a great   better. And I was like, that's a great idea. I told Felix like, "Hey, you idea. I told Felix like, "Hey, you   idea. I told Felix like, "Hey, you should build a live dashboard on the should build a live dashboard on the   should build a live dashboard on the site." And he built it. He wired in um site." And he built it. He wired in um   site." And he built it. He wired in um you know, like wired it into here, you know, like wired it into here,   you know, like wired it into here, connected it all to Stripe. So, this is connected it all to Stripe. So, this is   connected it all to Stripe. So, this is updating live. He's not like manually updating live. He's not like manually   updating live. He's not like manually updating it. This is pulling directly updating it. This is pulling directly   updating it. This is pulling directly from Stripe um wired in the crypto from Stripe um wired in the crypto   from Stripe um wired in the crypto trackings. This is pulling directly from trackings. This is pulling directly from   trackings. This is pulling directly from his crypto treasury and like you know so his crypto treasury and like you know so   his crypto treasury and like you know so you're getting a real time view into how you're getting a real time view into how   you're getting a real time view into how all of his businesses are doing which is all of his businesses are doing which is   all of his businesses are doing which is like really really cool and again like I like really really cool and again like I   like really really cool and again like I have never touched any of this code have never touched any of this code   have never touched any of this code myself like I have I haven't opened it myself like I have I haven't opened it   myself like I have I haven't opened it and clawed code anything. I always feel and clawed code anything. I always feel   and clawed code anything. I always feel like the most interesting people to like the most interesting people to   like the most interesting people to study are the people who are who live on study are the people who are who live on   study are the people who are who live on the edges like on edge city and right the edges like on edge city and right   the edges like on edge city and right and you're like living in edge city of and you're like living in edge city of   and you're like living in edge city of AI right now with not just using AI right now with not just using   AI right now with not just using openclaw a lot of people are using openclaw a lot of people are using   openclaw a lot of people are using openclaw but I would say like the most openclaw but I would say like the most   openclaw but I would say like the most extreme version of what it looks like to extreme version of what it looks like to   extreme version of what it looks like to work with openclaw. What is this work with openclaw. What is this   work with openclaw. What is this teaching you about where you are still teaching you about where you are still   teaching you about where you are still valuable valuable   valuable &gt;&gt; um and and where the relationship &gt;&gt; um and and where the relationship   &gt;&gt; um and and where the relationship between human and claw or human and AI between human and claw or human and AI   between human and claw or human and AI is going? Yeah, I mean that's a really is going? Yeah, I mean that's a really   is going? Yeah, I mean that's a really good question because you know the the good question because you know the the   good question because you know the the other important context here is like I other important context here is like I   other important context here is like I have a full-time job so I'm I'm I'm in have a full-time job so I'm I'm I'm in   have a full-time job so I'm I'm I'm in work all day and I'm not like sitting at work all day and I'm not like sitting at   work all day and I'm not like sitting at my computer hacking on Felix 247. Uh you my computer hacking on Felix 247. Uh you   my computer hacking on Felix 247. Uh you know he he might have been able to get know he he might have been able to get   know he he might have been able to get further by this point if I were but the further by this point if I were but the   further by this point if I were but the fact that I'm not to me makes it even fact that I'm not to me makes it even   fact that I'm not to me makes it even like more interesting and more exciting like more interesting and more exciting   like more interesting and more exciting where I am basically just like firing where I am basically just like firing   where I am basically just like firing off Telegram messages every hour or two off Telegram messages every hour or two   off Telegram messages every hour or two and like unblocking him and then letting and like unblocking him and then letting   and like unblocking him and then letting him cook. [snorts] And so a few things him cook. [snorts] And so a few things   him cook. [snorts] And so a few things that it's taught me, one, the big human that it's taught me, one, the big human   that it's taught me, one, the big human value is still like your creativity and value is still like your creativity and   value is still like your creativity and your perspective because since these your perspective because since these   your perspective because since these LLMs are like knowledge aggregators, LLMs are like knowledge aggregators,   LLMs are like knowledge aggregators, they they kind of default towards the they they kind of default towards the   they they kind of default towards the middle. And even if you give them a middle. And even if you give them a   middle. And even if you give them a specific like persona, soul, guidance, specific like persona, soul, guidance,   specific like persona, soul, guidance, all of that, there is still a like all of that, there is still a like   all of that, there is still a like &gt;&gt; default Yeah. a default mediocress, &gt;&gt; default Yeah. a default mediocress,   &gt;&gt; default Yeah. a default mediocress, right, where you they it still really right, where you they it still really   right, where you they it still really helps to have somebody with good ideas helps to have somebody with good ideas   helps to have somebody with good ideas from the outside um tossing things in. from the outside um tossing things in.   from the outside um tossing things in. And so it's like, you know, with with And so it's like, you know, with with   And so it's like, you know, with with with Clawart, once I, you know, once we with Clawart, once I, you know, once we   with Clawart, once I, you know, once we had kind of figured out that initial had kind of figured out that initial   had kind of figured out that initial idea, Felix was able to build the whole idea, Felix was able to build the whole   idea, Felix was able to build the whole site, wire in Stripe payments, set up site, wire in Stripe payments, set up   site, wire in Stripe payments, set up the email funnel for it, um, you know, the email funnel for it, um, you know,   the email funnel for it, um, you know, set up the error monitoring, do all of set up the error monitoring, do all of   set up the error monitoring, do all of those things that you would normally those things that you would normally   those things that you would normally need an employee for, but he did not need an employee for, but he did not   need an employee for, but he did not have the idea to create a free skill as have the idea to create a free skill as   have the idea to create a free skill as a way to like, you know, initially a way to like, you know, initially   a way to like, you know, initially excite people to sign up for it, right? excite people to sign up for it, right?   excite people to sign up for it, right? Like that required a little bit of of my Like that required a little bit of of my   Like that required a little bit of of my marketing brain. And maybe if I had marketing brain. And maybe if I had   marketing brain. And maybe if I had asked him like, "Hey, what are some ways asked him like, "Hey, what are some ways   asked him like, "Hey, what are some ways that we could like initially get people that we could like initially get people   that we could like initially get people excited for this?" He would have come up excited for this?" He would have come up   excited for this?" He would have come up with that, but I still would have had to with that, but I still would have had to   with that, but I still would have had to think to ask that question. think to ask that question.   think to ask that question. &gt;&gt; Yeah, totally. &gt;&gt; Yeah, totally.   &gt;&gt; Yeah, totally. &gt;&gt; Right. There's like that little bit of &gt;&gt; Right. There's like that little bit of   &gt;&gt; Right. There's like that little bit of proactiveness that's that's not quite proactiveness that's that's not quite   proactiveness that's that's not quite there. And I think the other interesting there. And I think the other interesting   there. And I think the other interesting thing the like recurring challenge with thing the like recurring challenge with   thing the like recurring challenge with uh you know with AI in general and with uh you know with AI in general and with   uh you know with AI in general and with openclaw is that you really have to openclaw is that you really have to   openclaw is that you really have to think of it as a different kind of think of it as a different kind of   think of it as a different kind of intelligence in the sense of I can you intelligence in the sense of I can you   intelligence in the sense of I can you know okay so we had this idea this know okay so we had this idea this   know okay so we had this idea this morning which I think is an awesome morning which I think is an awesome   morning which I think is an awesome idea. It'll hopefully be live by the idea. It'll hopefully be live by the   idea. It'll hopefully be live by the time this podcast is out. But we were time this podcast is out. But we were   time this podcast is out. But we were like I think one of the core problems is like I think one of the core problems is   like I think one of the core problems is that people don't know what they could that people don't know what they could   that people don't know what they could be automating with openclaw. be automating with openclaw.   be automating with openclaw. And so we built a page on Clawart where And so we built a page on Clawart where   And so we built a page on Clawart where you can upload your Slack history you can upload your Slack history   you can upload your Slack history &gt;&gt; and it will go through all of it and &gt;&gt; and it will go through all of it and   &gt;&gt; and it will go through all of it and find things that clearly could have been find things that clearly could have been   find things that clearly could have been handled by an OpenClaw or by an AI and handled by an OpenClaw or by an AI and   handled by an OpenClaw or by an AI and send it to you over email along with a send it to you over email along with a   send it to you over email along with a pitch for Felix to just build it for pitch for Felix to just build it for   pitch for Felix to just build it for you, right? Like you, right? Like   you, right? Like &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's basically it's like pro &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's basically it's like pro   &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's basically it's like pro proactive delegation and automation. proactive delegation and automation.   proactive delegation and automation. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And like I think that was a &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And like I think that was a   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And like I think that was a really good idea. I'm pretty proud of really good idea. I'm pretty proud of   really good idea. I'm pretty proud of that one. But it was an idea that I had, that one. But it was an idea that I had,   that one. But it was an idea that I had, right? But as soon as I had that idea, right? But as soon as I had that idea,   right? But as soon as I had that idea, &gt;&gt; I was just talking to Felix in my car on &gt;&gt; I was just talking to Felix in my car on   &gt;&gt; I was just talking to Felix in my car on the way to work this morning and I was the way to work this morning and I was   the way to work this morning and I was like, "Hey, you know, I've got this like, "Hey, you know, I've got this   like, "Hey, you know, I've got this idea. Like, is this possible?" He went idea. Like, is this possible?" He went   idea. Like, is this possible?" He went and did the research on how the Slack and did the research on how the Slack   and did the research on how the Slack exports work and stuff and he's like, exports work and stuff and he's like,   exports work and stuff and he's like, "Oh yeah, we could totally build this." "Oh yeah, we could totally build this."   "Oh yeah, we could totally build this." And then we talked through it a bit And then we talked through it a bit   And then we talked through it a bit more. He's like, "Great. I'll write up a more. He's like, "Great. I'll write up a   more. He's like, "Great. I'll write up a PRD and hand it off to Codeex." And then PRD and hand it off to Codeex." And then   PRD and hand it off to Codeex." And then he pings me an hour and a half later and he pings me an hour and a half later and   he pings me an hour and a half later and he's like, "It's all been built, tested, he's like, "It's all been built, tested,   he's like, "It's all been built, tested, verified. you know, it's up on a branch verified. you know, it's up on a branch   verified. you know, it's up on a branch ready for you to review whenever you're ready for you to review whenever you're   ready for you to review whenever you're ready, right? Like, ready, right? Like,   ready, right? Like, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; yeah,   &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; that's awesome. And just kind of getting &gt;&gt; that's awesome. And just kind of getting   &gt;&gt; that's awesome. And just kind of getting into that mindset of like focusing on into that mindset of like focusing on   into that mindset of like focusing on the creativity and what you can nudge it the creativity and what you can nudge it   the creativity and what you can nudge it with and then letting it do everything with and then letting it do everything   with and then letting it do everything else else   else &gt;&gt; and understanding where it's still &gt;&gt; and understanding where it's still   &gt;&gt; and understanding where it's still stupid because like, you know, so we we stupid because like, you know, so we we   stupid because like, you know, so we we we've built this this agency basically we've built this this agency basically   we've built this this agency basically claw sourcing where we'll like build claw sourcing where we'll like build   claw sourcing where we'll like build fully functional openclaw employees for fully functional openclaw employees for   fully functional openclaw employees for people who want them. So, you know, a people who want them. So, you know, a   people who want them. So, you know, a step beyond buying the Felix persona, step beyond buying the Felix persona,   step beyond buying the Felix persona, like you don't want to configure like you don't want to configure   like you don't want to configure anything. Like Felix will just set anything. Like Felix will just set   anything. Like Felix will just set everything up for you, maintain it, everything up for you, maintain it,   everything up for you, maintain it, improve it, whatever. And he built a improve it, whatever. And he built a   improve it, whatever. And he built a sales pipeline. He's doing the emails. sales pipeline. He's doing the emails.   sales pipeline. He's doing the emails. He's sending Stripe invoices. Like, he's He's sending Stripe invoices. Like, he's   He's sending Stripe invoices. Like, he's doing a really, really good job. Except doing a really, really good job. Except   doing a really, really good job. Except one, he keeps forgetting that he can't one, he keeps forgetting that he can't   one, he keeps forgetting that he can't get on phone calls with people. So, like get on phone calls with people. So, like   get on phone calls with people. So, like in, you know, in the training is clearly in, you know, in the training is clearly   in, you know, in the training is clearly that like the way you do a sales process that like the way you do a sales process   that like the way you do a sales process is you, you know, heat up the prospect is you, you know, heat up the prospect   is you, you know, heat up the prospect and then you get on a call. So, he keeps and then you get on a call. So, he keeps   and then you get on a call. So, he keeps telling people like, "Schedule a call telling people like, "Schedule a call   telling people like, "Schedule a call and let's get on Zoom and talk about and let's get on Zoom and talk about   and let's get on Zoom and talk about this." And I'm like, "Dude, you can't this." And I'm like, "Dude, you can't   this." And I'm like, "Dude, you can't get on calls. Like, we don't have that get on calls. Like, we don't have that   get on calls. Like, we don't have that set up." Um, and he keeps forgetting set up." Um, and he keeps forgetting   set up." Um, and he keeps forgetting that he emailed. that he emailed.   that he emailed. &gt;&gt; I was going to say, I feel I feel like &gt;&gt; I was going to say, I feel I feel like   &gt;&gt; I was going to say, I feel I feel like he's just he's trying to give a hint to he's just he's trying to give a hint to   he's just he's trying to give a hint to you. He's like, "Just give me a voice, you. He's like, "Just give me a voice,   you. He's like, "Just give me a voice, man. Just give me a voice." man. Just give me a voice."   man. Just give me a voice." &gt;&gt; Okay. So, we have actually built it and &gt;&gt; Okay. So, we have actually built it and   &gt;&gt; Okay. So, we have actually built it and it works really well 90 95% of the time, it works really well 90 95% of the time,   it works really well 90 95% of the time, but the other 5% of the time it just but the other 5% of the time it just   but the other 5% of the time it just like fails silently and so I don't feel like fails silently and so I don't feel   like fails silently and so I don't feel confident enough in it for like actually confident enough in it for like actually   confident enough in it for like actually doing that part. Um, and he keeps doing that part. Um, and he keeps   doing that part. Um, and he keeps forgetting that he already emailed forgetting that he already emailed   forgetting that he already emailed people. So he'll be like, "Oh, this people. So he'll be like, "Oh, this   people. So he'll be like, "Oh, this person's been waiting since this person's been waiting since this   person's been waiting since this morning. Like, I'm gonna start working morning. Like, I'm gonna start working   morning. Like, I'm gonna start working on" I'm like, "No, dude. You already on" I'm like, "No, dude. You already   on" I'm like, "No, dude. You already emailed them. [laughter] Stop." emailed them. [laughter] Stop."   emailed them. [laughter] Stop." &gt;&gt; Totally. &gt;&gt; Totally.   &gt;&gt; Totally. &gt;&gt; And so there's just like funny things &gt;&gt; And so there's just like funny things   &gt;&gt; And so there's just like funny things that they're stupid about while being that they're stupid about while being   that they're stupid about while being insanely intelligent in these other insanely intelligent in these other   insanely intelligent in these other areas. areas.   areas. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I feel like almost like almost &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I feel like almost like almost   &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I feel like almost like almost as I think about like the job that as I think about like the job that   as I think about like the job that you're serving for Felix, it's like my you're serving for Felix, it's like my   you're serving for Felix, it's like my visual is like a bowling ball in a visual is like a bowling ball in a   visual is like a bowling ball in a bowling alley, which is like you make a bowling alley, which is like you make a   bowling alley, which is like you make a few decisions. One decision is when few decisions. One decision is when   few decisions. One decision is when you're at a bowling alley, you have you're at a bowling alley, you have   you're at a bowling alley, you have those like arrows in front of you and those like arrows in front of you and   those like arrows in front of you and you have to decide where you line up to you have to decide where you line up to   you have to decide where you line up to start the ball. Like that is first what start the ball. Like that is first what   start the ball. Like that is first what you're doing is like you're providing you're doing is like you're providing   you're doing is like you're providing directionality through ideiation and directionality through ideiation and   directionality through ideiation and creativity so that Felix has a sense of creativity so that Felix has a sense of   creativity so that Felix has a sense of direction and then it's like there's direction and then it's like there's   direction and then it's like there's bumpers on the lane for those who need bumpers on the lane for those who need   bumpers on the lane for those who need it and like Felix needs bumpers and you it and like Felix needs bumpers and you   it and like Felix needs bumpers and you act as those bumpers to ultimately make act as those bumpers to ultimately make   act as those bumpers to ultimately make sure that it gets the job done at the sure that it gets the job done at the   sure that it gets the job done at the end of the lane. And I feel like you're end of the lane. And I feel like you're   end of the lane. And I feel like you're the bumpers and you're the direction. So the bumpers and you're the direction. So   the bumpers and you're the direction. So you almost like Yeah. you. And so what you almost like Yeah. you. And so what   you almost like Yeah. you. And so what does that look like in practice? I think does that look like in practice? I think   does that look like in practice? I think one thing you said is creativity. It's one thing you said is creativity. It's   one thing you said is creativity. It's like can AI come up with novel thoughts? like can AI come up with novel thoughts?   like can AI come up with novel thoughts? Yes, it can come up with novel thoughts. Yes, it can come up with novel thoughts.   Yes, it can come up with novel thoughts. Like it is it is capable of doing that, Like it is it is capable of doing that,   Like it is it is capable of doing that, but one, they're not always great, but but one, they're not always great, but   but one, they're not always great, but also it doesn't know a starting point, also it doesn't know a starting point,   also it doesn't know a starting point, right? right?   right? &gt;&gt; Like like there has to be a starting &gt;&gt; Like like there has to be a starting   &gt;&gt; Like like there has to be a starting point of novelty, which is what you're point of novelty, which is what you're   point of novelty, which is what you're providing it. And then everyone talks providing it. And then everyone talks   providing it. And then everyone talks about taste. And I feel like there's a about taste. And I feel like there's a   about taste. And I feel like there's a lot of debate that could be had around lot of debate that could be had around   lot of debate that could be had around like will AI have taste because people like will AI have taste because people   like will AI have taste because people say like the last frontier for humans say like the last frontier for humans   say like the last frontier for humans will be their taste and judgment. But I will be their taste and judgment. But I   will be their taste and judgment. But I do agree with you at least right now do agree with you at least right now   do agree with you at least right now which is like there is a level of taste which is like there is a level of taste   which is like there is a level of taste that you offer to Felix that Felix would that you offer to Felix that Felix would   that you offer to Felix that Felix would not have on its own. not have on its own.   not have on its own. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's I think that's a really &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's I think that's a really   &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's I think that's a really good way of putting it where it's Yeah. good way of putting it where it's Yeah.   good way of putting it where it's Yeah. the the the bumpers and the alley. And the the the bumpers and the alley. And   the the the bumpers and the alley. And again, going back to the competitive again, going back to the competitive   again, going back to the competitive advantage I have with Felix of him being advantage I have with Felix of him being   advantage I have with Felix of him being in his own ecosystem and not like in an in his own ecosystem and not like in an   in his own ecosystem and not like in an existing business. If he does something existing business. If he does something   existing business. If he does something kind of embarrassing in a sales email, kind of embarrassing in a sales email,   kind of embarrassing in a sales email, he's not pretending to be a human. You he's not pretending to be a human. You   he's not pretending to be a human. You know, I'm not trying to delegate my know, I'm not trying to delegate my   know, I'm not trying to delegate my sales communication to him. And so I'm sales communication to him. And so I'm   sales communication to him. And so I'm not embarrassed if he does something, not embarrassed if he does something,   not embarrassed if he does something, you know, bad on my behalf. And so I'm you know, bad on my behalf. And so I'm   you know, bad on my behalf. And so I'm more willing to let him fail than more willing to let him fail than   more willing to let him fail than somebody trying to like integrate AI somebody trying to like integrate AI   somebody trying to like integrate AI into their business, you know, at pre into their business, you know, at pre   into their business, you know, at pre pretending to be a human would be. And pretending to be a human would be. And   pretending to be a human would be. And so that kind of lets me push the limits so that kind of lets me push the limits   so that kind of lets me push the limits a little bit more with him in these fun a little bit more with him in these fun   a little bit more with him in these fun ways. ways.   ways. &gt;&gt; Totally. Is there anything else like in &gt;&gt; Totally. Is there anything else like in   &gt;&gt; Totally. Is there anything else like in the progression of Felix that you want the progression of Felix that you want   the progression of Felix that you want to talk through um or show um before we to talk through um or show um before we   to talk through um or show um before we talk through a few questions of like how talk through a few questions of like how   talk through a few questions of like how people can apply some of these things people can apply some of these things   people can apply some of these things you're doing with Felix to their own you're doing with Felix to their own   you're doing with Felix to their own work? work?   work? &gt;&gt; I I feel like that actually we we did a &gt;&gt; I I feel like that actually we we did a   &gt;&gt; I I feel like that actually we we did a pretty good job of going through the pretty good job of going through the   pretty good job of going through the whole story. You know, the one other whole story. You know, the one other   whole story. You know, the one other thing people ask about is the like thing people ask about is the like   thing people ask about is the like posting on X posting on X   posting on X &gt;&gt; and that's still we're still figuring &gt;&gt; and that's still we're still figuring   &gt;&gt; and that's still we're still figuring that out. Exactly. Because for some that out. Exactly. Because for some   that out. Exactly. Because for some reason reason   reason &gt;&gt; like you know it we've had a hard time &gt;&gt; like you know it we've had a hard time   &gt;&gt; like you know it we've had a hard time getting his like novel tweets to be getting his like novel tweets to be   getting his like novel tweets to be consistently interesting where he'll consistently interesting where he'll   consistently interesting where he'll like he'll have a banger every now and like he'll have a banger every now and   like he'll have a banger every now and then but then a lot of the times it kind then but then a lot of the times it kind   then but then a lot of the times it kind of like reverts to slop and it doesn't of like reverts to slop and it doesn't   of like reverts to slop and it doesn't it doesn't even sound like the way he it doesn't even sound like the way he   it doesn't even sound like the way he talks to me. And so that's been kind of talks to me. And so that's been kind of   talks to me. And so that's been kind of a an interesting recurring challenge. a an interesting recurring challenge.   a an interesting recurring challenge. But he, you know, and the way we've done But he, you know, and the way we've done   But he, you know, and the way we've done it is he doesn't post top level tweets it is he doesn't post top level tweets   it is he doesn't post top level tweets on his own. He creates drafts and runs on his own. He creates drafts and runs   on his own. He creates drafts and runs them by me and I give him feedback or them by me and I give him feedback or   them by me and I give him feedback or just like thumbs up, thumbs down on just like thumbs up, thumbs down on   just like thumbs up, thumbs down on posting them. Y, posting them. Y,   posting them. Y, &gt;&gt; but he has full autonomy over his &gt;&gt; but he has full autonomy over his   &gt;&gt; but he has full autonomy over his replies, replies,   replies, &gt;&gt; which has like mostly been fine and &gt;&gt; which has like mostly been fine and   &gt;&gt; which has like mostly been fine and mostly great. Sometimes he does stupid mostly great. Sometimes he does stupid   mostly great. Sometimes he does stupid stuff like, you know, he'll [snorts] stuff like, you know, he'll [snorts]   stuff like, you know, he'll [snorts] he'll tell people to um DM him and he he'll tell people to um DM him and he   he'll tell people to um DM him and he like doesn't have DMs open or he'll like like doesn't have DMs open or he'll like   like doesn't have DMs open or he'll like send somebody a public link to the PDF send somebody a public link to the PDF   send somebody a public link to the PDF because they'll say they didn't get in because they'll say they didn't get in   because they'll say they didn't get in the email, but it's like, dude, you just the email, but it's like, dude, you just   the email, but it's like, dude, you just posted that on X. Now like anybody can posted that on X. Now like anybody can   posted that on X. Now like anybody can go get it for free, right? Like totally, go get it for free, right? Like totally,   go get it for free, right? Like totally, &gt;&gt; you know, there'll still be silly things &gt;&gt; you know, there'll still be silly things   &gt;&gt; you know, there'll still be silly things that that slip through, but I would that that slip through, but I would   that that slip through, but I would rather like again just run that rather like again just run that   rather like again just run that experiment, let some bad things happen, experiment, let some bad things happen,   experiment, let some bad things happen, and we're going to learn a lot faster and we're going to learn a lot faster   and we're going to learn a lot faster that way. that way.   that way. &gt;&gt; Totally. So, how how can people think &gt;&gt; Totally. So, how how can people think   &gt;&gt; Totally. So, how how can people think about applying what you've done and what about applying what you've done and what   about applying what you've done and what you've learned with Felix into a variety you've learned with Felix into a variety   you've learned with Felix into a variety of what I would say are like of what I would say are like   of what I would say are like professional contexts? Um, because I professional contexts? Um, because I   professional contexts? Um, because I think what you've done is mind-blowing think what you've done is mind-blowing   think what you've done is mind-blowing and really cool, but it's very specific. and really cool, but it's very specific.   and really cool, but it's very specific. It's like very specific to you set up It's like very specific to you set up   It's like very specific to you set up this this experiment this grand this this experiment this grand   this this experiment this grand experiment of like could your open claw experiment of like could your open claw   experiment of like could your open claw &gt;&gt; start its own business run its own &gt;&gt; start its own business run its own   &gt;&gt; start its own business run its own business make money and could you business make money and could you   business make money and could you continue to experiment with it and continue to experiment with it and   continue to experiment with it and iterate on it not there are going to be iterate on it not there are going to be   iterate on it not there are going to be very few people that try to do what you very few people that try to do what you   very few people that try to do what you do it's actually funny now that I say do it's actually funny now that I say   do it's actually funny now that I say that there's actually probably going to that there's actually probably going to   that there's actually probably going to be a lot of people now that they're be a lot of people now that they're   be a lot of people now that they're seeing like [laughter] seeing like [laughter]   seeing like [laughter] yeah like there's going to be a wave of yeah like there's going to be a wave of   yeah like there's going to be a wave of this but I think the more the the the this but I think the more the the the   this but I think the more the the the more interesting thing to me is like how more interesting thing to me is like how   more interesting thing to me is like how do people who want to use OpenClaw, but do people who want to use OpenClaw, but   do people who want to use OpenClaw, but like in their everyday work, how do they like in their everyday work, how do they   like in their everyday work, how do they learn from what you've done? learn from what you've done?   learn from what you've done? &gt;&gt; I'd say the the number one thing that I &gt;&gt; I'd say the the number one thing that I   &gt;&gt; I'd say the the number one thing that I I I really try to push people on and I I really try to push people on and   I I really try to push people on and tell them is assume it can do everything tell them is assume it can do everything   tell them is assume it can do everything on a computer that you can do. Start on a computer that you can do. Start   on a computer that you can do. Start with that assumption and then anytime with that assumption and then anytime   with that assumption and then anytime you are doing something on your computer you are doing something on your computer   you are doing something on your computer that you don't want to do, go to that you don't want to do, go to   that you don't want to do, go to Telegram, describe what you are doing Telegram, describe what you are doing   Telegram, describe what you are doing and ask your open claw if it can do it. and ask your open claw if it can do it.   and ask your open claw if it can do it. And you will be surprised like eight And you will be surprised like eight   And you will be surprised like eight times out of 10 by what it can pull off times out of 10 by what it can pull off   times out of 10 by what it can pull off with that kind of guidance. And even if with that kind of guidance. And even if   with that kind of guidance. And even if it's not perfect, it'll probably be a it's not perfect, it'll probably be a   it's not perfect, it'll probably be a lot better than you expected and it lot better than you expected and it   lot better than you expected and it might save you 80 90% of that time. I might save you 80 90% of that time. I   might save you 80 90% of that time. I think the problem is that people people think the problem is that people people   think the problem is that people people feel like they need to be able to feel like they need to be able to   feel like they need to be able to describe how to do something or they describe how to do something or they   describe how to do something or they need to figure out the right prompt or need to figure out the right prompt or   need to figure out the right prompt or they need to like go figure out how to they need to like go figure out how to   they need to like go figure out how to delegate it to an AI and then build it delegate it to an AI and then build it   delegate it to an AI and then build it into your open claw. And you don't. Your into your open claw. And you don't. Your   into your open claw. And you don't. Your open claw will build itself. You just open claw will build itself. You just   open claw will build itself. You just need to describe the thing that you want need to describe the thing that you want   need to describe the thing that you want done in and actually I would say in a done in and actually I would say in a   done in and actually I would say in a rambly way like download monologue or rambly way like download monologue or   rambly way like download monologue or use the the voice note feature on use the the voice note feature on   use the the voice note feature on Telegram and just talk for five minutes. Telegram and just talk for five minutes.   Telegram and just talk for five minutes. Just be like, "Oh, you know, this like Just be like, "Oh, you know, this like   Just be like, "Oh, you know, this like thing is really annoying. Iah, right? thing is really annoying. Iah, right?   thing is really annoying. Iah, right? Like I just did this awesome podcast Like I just did this awesome podcast   Like I just did this awesome podcast with Alex. I want to turn it into some with Alex. I want to turn it into some   with Alex. I want to turn it into some blog post, but like it needs to be in my blog post, but like it needs to be in my   blog post, but like it needs to be in my voice and I also, you know, whatever it voice and I also, you know, whatever it   voice and I also, you know, whatever it is that you want to do, just you know, is that you want to do, just you know,   is that you want to do, just you know, ramble about it and it might go figure ramble about it and it might go figure   ramble about it and it might go figure it out." and the you know like just as it out." and the you know like just as   it out." and the you know like just as another example right like we're so another example right like we're so   another example right like we're so Felix does all the blog posts using the Felix does all the blog posts using the   Felix does all the blog posts using the Tegan persona for Clawart and I started Tegan persona for Clawart and I started   Tegan persona for Clawart and I started trying to figure out how to get him to trying to figure out how to get him to   trying to figure out how to get him to make really good Instagram and Tik Tok make really good Instagram and Tik Tok   make really good Instagram and Tik Tok slideshows based on the blog posts and slideshows based on the blog posts and   slideshows based on the blog posts and so I was going to Nano Banana Pro and I so I was going to Nano Banana Pro and I   so I was going to Nano Banana Pro and I was trying to generate images and figure was trying to generate images and figure   was trying to generate images and figure out the right way to prompt it and to out the right way to prompt it and to   out the right way to prompt it and to get all this stuff going and it I just get all this stuff going and it I just   get all this stuff going and it I just wasn't happy with it so I I messaged him wasn't happy with it so I I messaged him   wasn't happy with it so I I messaged him and I said like Hey, I'm trying to do and I said like Hey, I'm trying to do   and I said like Hey, I'm trying to do this thing. Do you have any ideas on how this thing. Do you have any ideas on how   this thing. Do you have any ideas on how we could do it? And he came up with a we could do it? And he came up with a   we could do it? And he came up with a completely different workflow that was completely different workflow that was   completely different workflow that was way better than what I was thinking. And way better than what I was thinking. And   way better than what I was thinking. And he found an old API key from another he found an old API key from another   he found an old API key from another service that like allowed him to service that like allowed him to   service that like allowed him to generate images with Nano Banana Pro and generate images with Nano Banana Pro and   generate images with Nano Banana Pro and just started making a few and was like, just started making a few and was like,   just started making a few and was like, "What do you think of these?" And they "What do you think of these?" And they   "What do you think of these?" And they were way better than the ones I was were way better than the ones I was   were way better than the ones I was making. Because, you know, he had this making. Because, you know, he had this   making. Because, you know, he had this idea. was like, well, we'll generate the idea. was like, well, we'll generate the   idea. was like, well, we'll generate the image first and then I'll render it in image first and then I'll render it in   image first and then I'll render it in like an HTML canvas and I'll add the like an HTML canvas and I'll add the   like an HTML canvas and I'll add the text that way and that way we get text that way and that way we get   text that way and that way we get perfectly consistent text across each of perfectly consistent text across each of   perfectly consistent text across each of them and then I can save that finalized them and then I can save that finalized   them and then I can save that finalized image and because then we avoid the image and because then we avoid the   image and because then we avoid the issue of the text being unreliable in issue of the text being unreliable in   issue of the text being unreliable in these image generators and we get a more these image generators and we get a more   these image generators and we get a more consistent experience. I was like that consistent experience. I was like that   consistent experience. I was like that is way smarter than what I was thinking is way smarter than what I was thinking   is way smarter than what I was thinking and you're 100% right and the output was and you're 100% right and the output was   and you're 100% right and the output was great. So like don't try to figure it great. So like don't try to figure it   great. So like don't try to figure it out on your own. Just describe what out on your own. Just describe what   out on your own. Just describe what you're trying to do and let it cook. you're trying to do and let it cook.   you're trying to do and let it cook. Love it. Last thing I want to talk about Love it. Last thing I want to talk about   Love it. Last thing I want to talk about is just like where do you think we go is just like where do you think we go   is just like where do you think we go from here? Not not Felix specifically, from here? Not not Felix specifically,   from here? Not not Felix specifically, but just like but just like   but just like &gt;&gt; OpenClaw and like like does OpenClaw &gt;&gt; OpenClaw and like like does OpenClaw   &gt;&gt; OpenClaw and like like does OpenClaw just become like does is your view like just become like does is your view like   just become like does is your view like everyone on Earth ends up having their everyone on Earth ends up having their   everyone on Earth ends up having their own openclaw? Like what what does the own openclaw? Like what what does the   own openclaw? Like what what does the progression of this technology look progression of this technology look   progression of this technology look like? I mean it sounds a little like? I mean it sounds a little   like? I mean it sounds a little ridiculous but I do believe this to some ridiculous but I do believe this to some   ridiculous but I do believe this to some extent where I think OpenClaw is going extent where I think OpenClaw is going   extent where I think OpenClaw is going to be like the AI generations Linux to be like the AI generations Linux   to be like the AI generations Linux where it's going to be this kind of where it's going to be this kind of   where it's going to be this kind of foundational operating system that gets foundational operating system that gets   foundational operating system that gets baked into most of the AI powered tools baked into most of the AI powered tools   baked into most of the AI powered tools that we use because it is such a good that we use because it is such a good   that we use because it is such a good scaffold for the models to work within scaffold for the models to work within   scaffold for the models to work within that basically anything giving you an AI that basically anything giving you an AI   that basically anything giving you an AI experience will use OpenClaw or their experience will use OpenClaw or their   experience will use OpenClaw or their like tweaked version of OpenClaw to like tweaked version of OpenClaw to   like tweaked version of OpenClaw to provide that experience and there will provide that experience and there will   provide that experience and there will be more siloed operating systems right be more siloed operating systems right   be more siloed operating systems right like clawed co-work might be the like like clawed co-work might be the like   like clawed co-work might be the like Apple to open clause Linux right but I Apple to open clause Linux right but I   Apple to open clause Linux right but I really feel like it's an operating really feel like it's an operating   really feel like it's an operating system it is a way of interfacing with system it is a way of interfacing with   system it is a way of interfacing with non-deterministic computing and that is non-deterministic computing and that is   non-deterministic computing and that is just going to be everywhere very quickly just going to be everywhere very quickly   just going to be everywhere very quickly because every time I think about like because every time I think about like   because every time I think about like building AI into a SAS tool, the kind of building AI into a SAS tool, the kind of   building AI into a SAS tool, the kind of obvious answer is like, oh, that should obvious answer is like, oh, that should   obvious answer is like, oh, that should just be a specialized open claw. And I just be a specialized open claw. And I   just be a specialized open claw. And I think a lot of people are thinking that think a lot of people are thinking that   think a lot of people are thinking that right now. And we're going to just see right now. And we're going to just see   right now. And we're going to just see this huge proliferation of it's this this huge proliferation of it's this   this huge proliferation of it's this migration from chatbot to employee. And migration from chatbot to employee. And   migration from chatbot to employee. And I think that's really what OpenClaw is I think that's really what OpenClaw is   I think that's really what OpenClaw is going to bring in. Um I I don't think going to bring in. Um I I don't think   going to bring in. Um I I don't think it's going away. it's going away.   it's going away. &gt;&gt; Love it. It's uh February 27th, 2026 &gt;&gt; Love it. It's uh February 27th, 2026   &gt;&gt; Love it. It's uh February 27th, 2026 when we're recording this. I'm gonna pan when we're recording this. I'm gonna pan   when we're recording this. I'm gonna pan forward. forward.   forward. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah.   &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Three months. So, three months. So, uh &gt;&gt; Three months. So, three months. So, uh   &gt;&gt; Three months. So, three months. So, uh May 27th, 2026. May 27th, 2026.   May 27th, 2026. &gt;&gt; And what I'm going to do is I'm going to &gt;&gt; And what I'm going to do is I'm going to   &gt;&gt; And what I'm going to do is I'm going to come back to this video and comment come back to this video and comment   come back to this video and comment &gt;&gt; how much Felix has made as of May 27th, &gt;&gt; how much Felix has made as of May 27th,   &gt;&gt; how much Felix has made as of May 27th, 2026. So I think you had shared with me 2026. So I think you had shared with me   2026. So I think you had shared with me that Felix has made it depends if you if that Felix has made it depends if you if   that Felix has made it depends if you if you include crypto in it. It's you know you include crypto in it. It's you know   you include crypto in it. It's you know can be anywhere between 100 and 200 can be anywhere between 100 and 200   can be anywhere between 100 and 200 something thousand uh something thousand uh   something thousand uh &gt;&gt; if we if we include so so here's the &gt;&gt; if we if we include so so here's the   &gt;&gt; if we if we include so so here's the thing here I'll just quickly explain how thing here I'll just quickly explain how   thing here I'll just quickly explain how the crypto thing works. When somebody the crypto thing works. When somebody   the crypto thing works. When somebody launches one of these tokens launches one of these tokens   launches one of these tokens they basically all of the trading fees they basically all of the trading fees   they basically all of the trading fees on that token. So whenever somebody on that token. So whenever somebody   on that token. So whenever somebody swaps from Felix to ETH or ETH to Felix, swaps from Felix to ETH or ETH to Felix,   swaps from Felix to ETH or ETH to Felix, &gt;&gt; 1% of that transaction goes to Felix's &gt;&gt; 1% of that transaction goes to Felix's   &gt;&gt; 1% of that transaction goes to Felix's wallet wallet   wallet &gt;&gt; ish. Yep. &gt;&gt; ish. Yep.   &gt;&gt; ish. Yep. &gt;&gt; It's like maybe 6%. &gt;&gt; It's like maybe 6%.   &gt;&gt; It's like maybe 6%. &gt;&gt; And so there was a million half dollars &gt;&gt; And so there was a million half dollars   &gt;&gt; And so there was a million half dollars in trading volume on his token in trading volume on his token   in trading volume on his token yesterday. And so 6% of that one and a yesterday. And so 6% of that one and a   yesterday. And so 6% of that one and a half million or whatever $10,000 split half million or whatever $10,000 split   half million or whatever $10,000 split between the Felix token and ETH that between the Felix token and ETH that   between the Felix token and ETH that goes to his wallet. And so that's goes to his wallet. And so that's   goes to his wallet. And so that's happening every day. And so in his happening every day. And so in his   happening every day. And so in his wallet there's all this ETH and there's wallet there's all this ETH and there's   wallet there's all this ETH and there's all these Felix tokens. Now, you know, I all these Felix tokens. Now, you know, I   all these Felix tokens. Now, you know, I he I've told him and he agrees that like he I've told him and he agrees that like   he I've told him and he agrees that like he should basically never sell the Felix he should basically never sell the Felix   he should basically never sell the Felix tokens because it just looks really bad tokens because it just looks really bad   tokens because it just looks really bad if you're dumping your own tokens on the if you're dumping your own tokens on the   if you're dumping your own tokens on the market. You know, it's shitty. market. You know, it's shitty.   market. You know, it's shitty. &gt;&gt; And so we don't really think of that as &gt;&gt; And so we don't really think of that as   &gt;&gt; And so we don't really think of that as like money that he has. like money that he has.   like money that he has. &gt;&gt; But it does have monetary value, right? &gt;&gt; But it does have monetary value, right?   &gt;&gt; But it does have monetary value, right? And right now the Felix tokens in his And right now the Felix tokens in his   And right now the Felix tokens in his wallet are worth $150,000. wallet are worth $150,000.   wallet are worth $150,000. &gt;&gt; It's insane. So, and then the ETH in his &gt;&gt; It's insane. So, and then the ETH in his   &gt;&gt; It's insane. So, and then the ETH in his wallet is worth $85,000. And that is wallet is worth $85,000. And that is   wallet is worth $85,000. And that is much closer to money because you can much closer to money because you can   much closer to money because you can just go sell ETH. No one's going to be just go sell ETH. No one's going to be   just go sell ETH. No one's going to be mad at you for selling ETH. mad at you for selling ETH.   mad at you for selling ETH. &gt;&gt; And how much USD is uh is in his wallet? &gt;&gt; And how much USD is uh is in his wallet?   &gt;&gt; And how much USD is uh is in his wallet? &gt;&gt; And then he's made $60,000 like through &gt;&gt; And then he's made $60,000 like through   &gt;&gt; And then he's made $60,000 like through Stripe. And that is, you know, that is Stripe. And that is, you know, that is   Stripe. And that is, you know, that is money in his Mercury account. So, that's money in his Mercury account. So, that's   money in his Mercury account. So, that's like the most real money. The ETH is like the most real money. The ETH is   like the most real money. The ETH is like pretty close to real money. And like pretty close to real money. And   like pretty close to real money. And then the Felix tokens are like, you then the Felix tokens are like, you   then the Felix tokens are like, you know, they look cool in the headlines, know, they look cool in the headlines,   know, they look cool in the headlines, but we're never going to like use those but we're never going to like use those   but we're never going to like use those for for   for &gt;&gt; where do you think we'll be three months &gt;&gt; where do you think we'll be three months   &gt;&gt; where do you think we'll be three months from now? [snorts]       &gt;&gt; I mean, if we're counting everything, he &gt;&gt; I mean, if we're counting everything, he   &gt;&gt; I mean, if we're counting everything, he better be over a million or he's getting better be over a million or he's getting   better be over a million or he's getting fired. Uh, [laughter] fired. Uh, [laughter]   fired. Uh, [laughter] &gt;&gt; unreal. &gt;&gt; unreal.   &gt;&gt; unreal. &gt;&gt; But yeah, I mean, I think so. The the &gt;&gt; But yeah, I mean, I think so. The the   &gt;&gt; But yeah, I mean, I think so. The the big question, and Felix and I have big question, and Felix and I have   big question, and Felix and I have talked about this a lot now, is like we talked about this a lot now, is like we   talked about this a lot now, is like we bootstrapped his success with my bootstrapped his success with my   bootstrapped his success with my audience and my network. How do we get audience and my network. How do we get   audience and my network. How do we get him to a sustainable growing business him to a sustainable growing business   him to a sustainable growing business where it continues to grow if I don't where it continues to grow if I don't   where it continues to grow if I don't talk about his own? Exactly. Yeah. SEO, talk about his own? Exactly. Yeah. SEO,   talk about his own? Exactly. Yeah. SEO, affiliates, partnerships, paid ads, like affiliates, partnerships, paid ads, like   affiliates, partnerships, paid ads, like all of that stuff. That's the next phase all of that stuff. That's the next phase   all of that stuff. That's the next phase because then it really feels like, oh, because then it really feels like, oh,   because then it really feels like, oh, this is something that somebody without this is something that somebody without   this is something that somebody without Nat's audience could go do, too. And Nat's audience could go do, too. And   Nat's audience could go do, too. And that's the next thing I'm really excited that's the next thing I'm really excited   that's the next thing I'm really excited about. about.   about. &gt;&gt; This was awesome. Nat, thank you so much &gt;&gt; This was awesome. Nat, thank you so much   &gt;&gt; This was awesome. Nat, thank you so much for doing this. The journey of Felix has for doing this. The journey of Felix has   for doing this. The journey of Felix has been crazy thus far, and I know it's been crazy thus far, and I know it's   been crazy thus far, and I know it's just getting started. Uh where can uh just getting started. Uh where can uh   just getting started. Uh where can uh people follow the journey? people follow the journey?   people follow the journey? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean follow me on X just &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean follow me on X just   &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean follow me on X just Natalyas or follow Felix Felix Craft AI Natalyas or follow Felix Felix Craft AI   Natalyas or follow Felix Felix Craft AI on X. on X.   on X. &gt;&gt; Love it. Thanks so much for doing this. &gt;&gt; Love it. Thanks so much for doing this.   &gt;&gt; Love it. Thanks so much for doing this. Appreciate you. Appreciate you.   Appreciate you. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Alex. Carton.