Literally for the first time in history, Literally for the first time in history,   Literally for the first time in history, if you have 20 bucks a month, you're if you have 20 bucks a month, you're   if you have 20 bucks a month, you're able to do things that only gigantic able to do things that only gigantic   able to do things that only gigantic companies would be able to do just by companies would be able to do just by   companies would be able to do just by using chatbt. All of this, just for using chatbt. All of this, just for   using chatbt. All of this, just for context, would have never been possible context, would have never been possible   context, would have never been possible pre- AAI because this is where true pre- AAI because this is where true   pre- AAI because this is where true intelligence [music] is being layered on intelligence [music] is being layered on   intelligence [music] is being layered on top of the data that we're giving it. top of the data that we're giving it.   top of the data that we're giving it. &gt;&gt; I think so many people fail at trying to &gt;&gt; I think so many people fail at trying to   &gt;&gt; I think so many people fail at trying to implement AI because they implement AI because they   implement AI because they I'm Alex Lieberman joined by my I'm Alex Lieberman joined by my   I'm Alex Lieberman joined by my co-founder Arman Hzarani. We're the co-founder Arman Hzarani. We're the   co-founder Arman Hzarani. We're the co-founders of 10X. We help companies go co-founders of 10X. We help companies go   co-founders of 10X. We help companies go from AI apps into AI native, build from AI apps into AI native, build   from AI apps into AI native, build custom solutions, and uh do enablement custom solutions, and uh do enablement   custom solutions, and uh do enablement and trainings to train people on the and trainings to train people on the   and trainings to train people on the technology that we built for them. technology that we built for them.   technology that we built for them. You're probably wondering, why is he You're probably wondering, why is he   You're probably wondering, why is he wearing this hat? I'll tell you why. I'm wearing this hat? I'll tell you why. I'm   wearing this hat? I'll tell you why. I'm in New York City. It's like 30°. I don't in New York City. It's like 30°. I don't   in New York City. It's like 30°. I don't want to freeze my you know what off. But want to freeze my you know what off. But   want to freeze my you know what off. But this isn't about me. It's about you. You this isn't about me. It's about you. You   this isn't about me. It's about you. You have given us your time watching this have given us your time watching this   have given us your time watching this video and we wanted to make it as easy video and we wanted to make it as easy   video and we wanted to make it as easy as possible for you. So, we turned this as possible for you. So, we turned this   as possible for you. So, we turned this whole episode into a playbook on our whole episode into a playbook on our   whole episode into a playbook on our website. Just click on the link in the website. Just click on the link in the   website. Just click on the link in the description and you can get the whole description and you can get the whole   description and you can get the whole playbook with prompts, with steps, all playbook with prompts, with steps, all   playbook with prompts, with steps, all the details you need to apply this to the details you need to apply this to   the details you need to apply this to your work. Check it out. The first thing your work. Check it out. The first thing   your work. Check it out. The first thing that I'll say is, and this is something that I'll say is, and this is something   that I'll say is, and this is something we say all the time at 10x, AI is an we say all the time at 10x, AI is an   we say all the time at 10x, AI is an incredible technology, but it is just incredible technology, but it is just   incredible technology, but it is just that it is a technology. And when we that it is a technology. And when we   that it is a technology. And when we think about technology, we think of think about technology, we think of   think about technology, we think of technology as a tool that helps to solve technology as a tool that helps to solve   technology as a tool that helps to solve human beings problems. And that's also human beings problems. And that's also   human beings problems. And that's also why we don't think AI is always the why we don't think AI is always the   why we don't think AI is always the right solution. We think AI is a hammer. right solution. We think AI is a hammer.   right solution. We think AI is a hammer. When you have a nail, it's great. When When you have a nail, it's great. When   When you have a nail, it's great. When you have a screw, go get a screwdriver. you have a screw, go get a screwdriver.   you have a screw, go get a screwdriver. And so the the entire way I want to And so the the entire way I want to   And so the the entire way I want to frame this conversation is around what frame this conversation is around what   frame this conversation is around what is the problem we're facing at 10x? What is the problem we're facing at 10x? What   is the problem we're facing at 10x? What is our hypothesis? And then how are we is our hypothesis? And then how are we   is our hypothesis? And then how are we building solutioning to solve that building solutioning to solve that   building solutioning to solve that problem. So the problem is very simple. problem. So the problem is very simple.   problem. So the problem is very simple. We are in a client services business at We are in a client services business at   We are in a client services business at 10X. We have several customers and next 10X. We have several customers and next   10X. We have several customers and next year we will have even more than year we will have even more than   year we will have even more than several. And Arman and I as we grow our several. And Arman and I as we grow our   several. And Arman and I as we grow our organization, we want to have a organization, we want to have a   organization, we want to have a consistent pulse on the happiness of our consistent pulse on the happiness of our   consistent pulse on the happiness of our customers. We want to have a pulse on customers. We want to have a pulse on   customers. We want to have a pulse on how our customer success or and our how our customer success or and our   how our customer success or and our strategists are working with customers. strategists are working with customers.   strategists are working with customers. But the question is is how do you do But the question is is how do you do   But the question is is how do you do that as you scale to hypothetically that as you scale to hypothetically   that as you scale to hypothetically hundreds of clients? And our hypothesis hundreds of clients? And our hypothesis   hundreds of clients? And our hypothesis is that AI makes it more possible than is that AI makes it more possible than   is that AI makes it more possible than ever before to maintain that pulse and ever before to maintain that pulse and   ever before to maintain that pulse and deliver truly six-star service to deliver truly six-star service to   deliver truly six-star service to customers as you scale. And so this customers as you scale. And so this   customers as you scale. And so this workflow is not only um going to provide workflow is not only um going to provide   workflow is not only um going to provide you kind of a framework for how we uh you kind of a framework for how we uh   you kind of a framework for how we uh approach building solutions in general, approach building solutions in general,   approach building solutions in general, but also how you can deliver great but also how you can deliver great   but also how you can deliver great customer success and keep a pulse on it customer success and keep a pulse on it   customer success and keep a pulse on it as you scale your organization. as you scale your organization.   as you scale your organization. Okay. So, the I want to refer back to um Okay. So, the I want to refer back to um   Okay. So, the I want to refer back to um we did a an episode with Wade Foster, we did a an episode with Wade Foster,   we did a an episode with Wade Foster, the CEO of Zapier, several weeks ago, the CEO of Zapier, several weeks ago,   the CEO of Zapier, several weeks ago, and he used this visual and if you and he used this visual and if you   and he used this visual and if you joined that episode, you have seen this joined that episode, you have seen this   joined that episode, you have seen this visual, but I think it's really visual, but I think it's really   visual, but I think it's really important to reiterate. So basically important to reiterate. So basically   important to reiterate. So basically what this is is it is showing the what this is is it is showing the   what this is is it is showing the spectrum of processes in a business. And spectrum of processes in a business. And   spectrum of processes in a business. And the idea is on the far left you have the idea is on the far left you have   the idea is on the far left you have what he calls determinism. And what he calls determinism. And   what he calls determinism. And determinism is the traditional way that determinism is the traditional way that   determinism is the traditional way that technology has worked to enable technology has worked to enable   technology has worked to enable processes. Very simply if X happens do processes. Very simply if X happens do   processes. Very simply if X happens do Y. If A happens do B. It is Y. If A happens do B. It is   Y. If A happens do B. It is deterministic. It's finite. It is black deterministic. It's finite. It is black   deterministic. It's finite. It is black and white. What happens on the fully and white. What happens on the fully   and white. What happens on the fully opposite side of the spectrum is opposite side of the spectrum is   opposite side of the spectrum is inference. And inference is just another inference. And inference is just another   inference. And inference is just another way of describing the power of AI and way of describing the power of AI and   way of describing the power of AI and what AI is capable of. And the the what AI is capable of. And the the   what AI is capable of. And the the beauty of AI is I could go tell beauty of AI is I could go tell   beauty of AI is I could go tell ChachiPT, hey, I want you to build a ChachiPT, hey, I want you to build a   ChachiPT, hey, I want you to build a travel itinerary for me. And I and my travel itinerary for me. And I and my   travel itinerary for me. And I and my rough preferences are I like adventures. rough preferences are I like adventures.   rough preferences are I like adventures. I like staying in four-star hotels. and I like staying in four-star hotels. and   I like staying in four-star hotels. and I want it to be a place that I've never I want it to be a place that I've never   I want it to be a place that I've never been before and here are the places I've been before and here are the places I've   been before and here are the places I've been just go build something. been just go build something.   been just go build something. Deterministic technology could have Deterministic technology could have   Deterministic technology could have never done that. AI is capable of doing never done that. AI is capable of doing   never done that. AI is capable of doing that because it is more intelligent and that because it is more intelligent and   that because it is more intelligent and it is the technology is probabilistic. it is the technology is probabilistic.   it is the technology is probabilistic. The reason that this diagram I think is The reason that this diagram I think is   The reason that this diagram I think is really helpful is while everyone has really helpful is while everyone has   really helpful is while everyone has talked about that 2025 was the year of talked about that 2025 was the year of   talked about that 2025 was the year of AI agents, I would actually argue that AI agents, I would actually argue that   AI agents, I would actually argue that most of the solutions that companies most of the solutions that companies   most of the solutions that companies should be thinking about building as it should be thinking about building as it   should be thinking about building as it relates to AI right now are either relates to AI right now are either   relates to AI right now are either something you would call an AI workflow something you would call an AI workflow   something you would call an AI workflow or an agentic workflow. And what that or an agentic workflow. And what that   or an agentic workflow. And what that basically means is if you have a basically means is if you have a   basically means is if you have a process, let's say you have a 10-step process, let's say you have a 10-step   process, let's say you have a 10-step process, the majority of that 10-step process, the majority of that 10-step   process, the majority of that 10-step process is still going to use technology process is still going to use technology   process is still going to use technology and automations in the way that they've and automations in the way that they've   and automations in the way that they've always been used, which is in a always been used, which is in a   always been used, which is in a deterministic fashion. If this happens, deterministic fashion. If this happens,   deterministic fashion. If this happens, do this. And the idea is that as AI gets do this. And the idea is that as AI gets   do this. And the idea is that as AI gets better, more and more of this better, more and more of this   better, more and more of this intelligence, more and more of this new intelligence, more and more of this new   intelligence, more and more of this new technology will be able to be sprinkled technology will be able to be sprinkled   technology will be able to be sprinkled into steps of the process where it makes into steps of the process where it makes   into steps of the process where it makes sense to use a technology that for all sense to use a technology that for all   sense to use a technology that for all intents and purposes behaves like a intents and purposes behaves like a   intents and purposes behaves like a junior employee who is really motivated, junior employee who is really motivated,   junior employee who is really motivated, really smart, but can be forgetful and really smart, but can be forgetful and   really smart, but can be forgetful and go off the rails sometimes. So that is go off the rails sometimes. So that is   go off the rails sometimes. So that is why I think it's really important to why I think it's really important to   why I think it's really important to understand this graphic because I do not understand this graphic because I do not   understand this graphic because I do not think it's realistic for people to think think it's realistic for people to think   think it's realistic for people to think that you're just going to build AI that you're just going to build AI   that you're just going to build AI products, you're going to tell it to do products, you're going to tell it to do   products, you're going to tell it to do something, you're going to go uh grab something, you're going to go uh grab   something, you're going to go uh grab coffee, grab lunch, come back to it, and coffee, grab lunch, come back to it, and   coffee, grab lunch, come back to it, and it's done. Humans are still very much in it's done. Humans are still very much in   it's done. Humans are still very much in the loop of this entire thing. Arman, the loop of this entire thing. Arman,   the loop of this entire thing. Arman, anything you would add? anything you would add?   anything you would add? Yeah. I mean, [clears throat] Yeah. I mean, [clears throat]   Yeah. I mean, [clears throat] I think that if you ever catch yourself I think that if you ever catch yourself   I think that if you ever catch yourself thinking about AI thinking about AI   thinking about AI in this net new magical way, like if you in this net new magical way, like if you   in this net new magical way, like if you ever start thinking like talking about ever start thinking like talking about   ever start thinking like talking about it in all the marketing terms that Sam it in all the marketing terms that Sam   it in all the marketing terms that Sam Alman and and Daario use just like like Alman and and Daario use just like like   Alman and and Daario use just like like I think it's very important to just come I think it's very important to just come   I think it's very important to just come back to earth and realize that like I back to earth and realize that like I   back to earth and realize that like I think so many people fail at trying to think so many people fail at trying to   think so many people fail at trying to implement AI because they immediately go implement AI because they immediately go   implement AI because they immediately go all the way to the agent side here and all the way to the agent side here and   all the way to the agent side here and they try to oneshot everything. And I they try to oneshot everything. And I   they try to oneshot everything. And I think that it's really really important think that it's really really important   think that it's really really important to note that if I historically told you to note that if I historically told you   to note that if I historically told you that you can get 10 5% improvements that you can get 10 5% improvements   that you can get 10 5% improvements across your business by automating one across your business by automating one   across your business by automating one step of the process using AI, that step of the process using AI, that   step of the process using AI, that historically would be gamechanging. historically would be gamechanging.   historically would be gamechanging. But people always try to like automate But people always try to like automate   But people always try to like automate the entire thing. And when when AI can't the entire thing. And when when AI can't   the entire thing. And when when AI can't do it in one shot, they think that it's do it in one shot, they think that it's   do it in one shot, they think that it's a failure. And so that's the first a failure. And so that's the first   a failure. And so that's the first thing. The other thing to note is I thing. The other thing to note is I   thing. The other thing to note is I think one helpful mental model that I think one helpful mental model that I   think one helpful mental model that I always find myself going back to is if I always find myself going back to is if I   always find myself going back to is if I want to delegate some of my work to AI, want to delegate some of my work to AI,   want to delegate some of my work to AI, how would I delegate this to a human, how would I delegate this to a human,   how would I delegate this to a human, right? And how junior is this human and right? And how junior is this human and   right? And how junior is this human and how much experience do they does this how much experience do they does this   how much experience do they does this human have? What what context does this human have? What what context does this   human have? What what context does this human have? and using that as a as a human have? and using that as a as a   human have? and using that as a as a framing for the thought process around framing for the thought process around   framing for the thought process around how to delegate to an AI whether it's a how to delegate to an AI whether it's a   how to delegate to an AI whether it's a workflow AI uh agentic workflow or full workflow AI uh agentic workflow or full   workflow AI uh agentic workflow or full agent. Um I think that's a really agent. Um I think that's a really   agent. Um I think that's a really helpful way to think about it. helpful way to think about it.   helpful way to think about it. &gt;&gt; Yep. Absolutely. And in a in a few &gt;&gt; Yep. Absolutely. And in a in a few   &gt;&gt; Yep. Absolutely. And in a in a few minutes we're going to talk about as I minutes we're going to talk about as I   minutes we're going to talk about as I go through this workflow of measuring go through this workflow of measuring   go through this workflow of measuring customer health and kind of how do we customer health and kind of how do we   customer health and kind of how do we gradually make it more powerful. Um, as gradually make it more powerful. Um, as   gradually make it more powerful. Um, as we go through those steps, I think we go through those steps, I think   we go through those steps, I think thinking about the junior employee thinking about the junior employee   thinking about the junior employee analogy is gonna be really helpful. Um, analogy is gonna be really helpful. Um,   analogy is gonna be really helpful. Um, so let's keep going. Also, Arman, I can so let's keep going. Also, Arman, I can   so let's keep going. Also, Arman, I can only see my slides, so if there's only see my slides, so if there's   only see my slides, so if there's anything in the chat that people are anything in the chat that people are   anything in the chat that people are asking. Yeah, asking. Yeah,   asking. Yeah, &gt;&gt; let me quickly answer Josh Dance's &gt;&gt; let me quickly answer Josh Dance's   &gt;&gt; let me quickly answer Josh Dance's question. I think it's a really good question. I think it's a really good   question. I think it's a really good one. Like, what is the difference one. Like, what is the difference   one. Like, what is the difference between agentic uh workflow and a full between agentic uh workflow and a full   between agentic uh workflow and a full agent, right? Um, agent, right? Um,   agent, right? Um, a full agent is I go into clawed code, a full agent is I go into clawed code,   a full agent is I go into clawed code, okay? and I tell Claude code, I want you okay? and I tell Claude code, I want you   okay? and I tell Claude code, I want you to build Facebook. to build Facebook.   to build Facebook. Okay, that's it. I just go in and I try Okay, that's it. I just go in and I try   Okay, that's it. I just go in and I try to oneshot the entire task. to oneshot the entire task.   to oneshot the entire task. Historically, building Facebook is Historically, building Facebook is   Historically, building Facebook is actually many many steps, right? But I actually many many steps, right? But I   actually many many steps, right? But I can just trust AI to do the entire thing can just trust AI to do the entire thing   can just trust AI to do the entire thing for like come up with its own plan, for like come up with its own plan,   for like come up with its own plan, follow its own steps and figure it out, follow its own steps and figure it out,   follow its own steps and figure it out, right? That's that that would be a full right? That's that that would be a full   right? That's that that would be a full agent. I would argue that we're not agent. I would argue that we're not   agent. I would argue that we're not there yet, right? So, what you can do is there yet, right? So, what you can do is   there yet, right? So, what you can do is you can come up with what are the steps you can come up with what are the steps   you can come up with what are the steps that I know this agent is going to need that I know this agent is going to need   that I know this agent is going to need to follow. I know that the first thing to follow. I know that the first thing   to follow. I know that the first thing it's going to need to do is do research it's going to need to do is do research   it's going to need to do is do research about what the hell it what does it mean about what the hell it what does it mean   about what the hell it what does it mean to build Facebook, right? So, go do to build Facebook, right? So, go do   to build Facebook, right? So, go do research and build a PRD, like a product research and build a PRD, like a product   research and build a PRD, like a product requirements doc. That's step one. Then requirements doc. That's step one. Then   requirements doc. That's step one. Then step two will always be take that PRD step two will always be take that PRD   step two will always be take that PRD and design the technical architecture and design the technical architecture   and design the technical architecture for building Facebook. Step three is to for building Facebook. Step three is to   for building Facebook. Step three is to go through step by step of that go through step by step of that   go through step by step of that technical architecture doc in order to technical architecture doc in order to   technical architecture doc in order to complete it. Right? And so that would be complete it. Right? And so that would be   complete it. Right? And so that would be like a loop over those things. And so like a loop over those things. And so   like a loop over those things. And so the difference between these two things the difference between these two things   the difference between these two things is for the agentic workflow I am telling is for the agentic workflow I am telling   is for the agentic workflow I am telling the system for step one I always want the system for step one I always want   the system for step one I always want you to do this in that step it is you to do this in that step it is   you to do this in that step it is agentic. So in that step the AI is able agentic. So in that step the AI is able   agentic. So in that step the AI is able to go and do its own thing whatever but to go and do its own thing whatever but   to go and do its own thing whatever but I will take the output of that step and I will take the output of that step and   I will take the output of that step and give it to step two and step two will give it to step two and step two will   give it to step two and step two will always have the same objective and so always have the same objective and so   always have the same objective and so on. With an agent again it is creating on. With an agent again it is creating   on. With an agent again it is creating its own plan. It is doing its own thing. its own plan. It is doing its own thing.   its own plan. It is doing its own thing. Again I think a helpful way to think Again I think a helpful way to think   Again I think a helpful way to think about this is like an employee. So with about this is like an employee. So with   about this is like an employee. So with a very senior employee you can tell them a very senior employee you can tell them   a very senior employee you can tell them hey let's say I'm a VC. I want you to go hey let's say I'm a VC. I want you to go   hey let's say I'm a VC. I want you to go deploy $2 million of capital, right? In deploy $2 million of capital, right? In   deploy $2 million of capital, right? In order to deploy $2 million of capital as order to deploy $2 million of capital as   order to deploy $2 million of capital as a venture capitalist, you have to talk a venture capitalist, you have to talk   a venture capitalist, you have to talk to hundreds of companies. You have to to hundreds of companies. You have to   to hundreds of companies. You have to come up with thesis around the market. come up with thesis around the market.   come up with thesis around the market. You have to uh make a decision on where You have to uh make a decision on where   You have to uh make a decision on where you want to invest, right? So, there's you want to invest, right? So, there's   you want to invest, right? So, there's many, many steps. But with a really many, many steps. But with a really   many, many steps. But with a really senior partner at a VC firm, you can do senior partner at a VC firm, you can do   senior partner at a VC firm, you can do that. But with more junior VCs, you're that. But with more junior VCs, you're   that. But with more junior VCs, you're going to tell them, I need you to talk going to tell them, I need you to talk   going to tell them, I need you to talk to a hundred customer or 100 companies to a hundred customer or 100 companies   to a hundred customer or 100 companies every every month. I need you to write every every month. I need you to write   every every month. I need you to write up memos for each of them. I need you to up memos for each of them. I need you to   up memos for each of them. I need you to write me a thesis and I need you to come write me a thesis and I need you to come   write me a thesis and I need you to come to me with an exact document doing the to me with an exact document doing the   to me with an exact document doing the diligence that we need for these diligence that we need for these   diligence that we need for these companies and then together we'll make a companies and then together we'll make a   companies and then together we'll make a decision. And the difference between decision. And the difference between   decision. And the difference between those things is I have a lot of those things is I have a lot of   those things is I have a lot of structure with the junior person. I have structure with the junior person. I have   structure with the junior person. I have very little structure with the senior very little structure with the senior   very little structure with the senior person. That's how I think about the person. That's how I think about the   person. That's how I think about the difference between agentic workflows and difference between agentic workflows and   difference between agentic workflows and agents. agents.   agents. &gt;&gt; Love that. Um cool. Let's keep it going. &gt;&gt; Love that. Um cool. Let's keep it going.   &gt;&gt; Love that. Um cool. Let's keep it going. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep.   &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Okay. [laughter] Oh, is that a picture &gt;&gt; Okay. [laughter] Oh, is that a picture   &gt;&gt; Okay. [laughter] Oh, is that a picture of me? This this everyone is my of me? This this everyone is my   of me? This this everyone is my co-founder Arman. uh he uh is c he's co-founder Arman. uh he uh is c he's   co-founder Arman. uh he uh is c he's currently on safari in Kenya. Um no so currently on safari in Kenya. Um no so   currently on safari in Kenya. Um no so Arman always says this really good line Arman always says this really good line   Arman always says this really good line which I think is such a good framing for which I think is such a good framing for   which I think is such a good framing for not just how we're going to go through not just how we're going to go through   not just how we're going to go through this workflow but how I think about this workflow but how I think about   this workflow but how I think about building any sort of AI products or just building any sort of AI products or just   building any sort of AI products or just honestly any products or solutions in honestly any products or solutions in   honestly any products or solutions in general which is Arman. Do you know what general which is Arman. Do you know what   general which is Arman. Do you know what I'm about to say? I'm about to say?   I'm about to say? &gt;&gt; Yes, for sure. You you can say it. &gt;&gt; Yes, for sure. You you can say it.   &gt;&gt; Yes, for sure. You you can say it. &gt;&gt; How do you eat an elephant? &gt;&gt; How do you eat an elephant?   &gt;&gt; How do you eat an elephant? &gt;&gt; I don't know. One bite at a time. &gt;&gt; I don't know. One bite at a time.   &gt;&gt; I don't know. One bite at a time. &gt;&gt; Yes. And I think when people are &gt;&gt; Yes. And I think when people are   &gt;&gt; Yes. And I think when people are thinking about building new AI workflows thinking about building new AI workflows   thinking about building new AI workflows or processes or products, they think or processes or products, they think   or processes or products, they think about like the pie in the sky dream of about like the pie in the sky dream of   about like the pie in the sky dream of what they want to build. So at if we what they want to build. So at if we   what they want to build. So at if we even just talk about what is the perfect even just talk about what is the perfect   even just talk about what is the perfect pie in the sky dream for what a customer pie in the sky dream for what a customer   pie in the sky dream for what a customer health and happiness um system would health and happiness um system would   health and happiness um system would look like at 10X. Here's what I would look like at 10X. Here's what I would   look like at 10X. Here's what I would imagine. We have a an application that imagine. We have a an application that   imagine. We have a an application that ingests any information that relates to ingests any information that relates to   ingests any information that relates to us interacting with our customers. So, us interacting with our customers. So,   us interacting with our customers. So, it pulls transcripts from notion uh from it pulls transcripts from notion uh from   it pulls transcripts from notion uh from our uh notion because that's where we our uh notion because that's where we   our uh notion because that's where we transcribe our calls. It pulls all transcribe our calls. It pulls all   transcribe our calls. It pulls all tickets from linear, which is where we tickets from linear, which is where we   tickets from linear, which is where we project manage the software we're project manage the software we're   project manage the software we're building for clients. It pulls messages building for clients. It pulls messages   building for clients. It pulls messages from Slack. It pulls emails from Gmail. from Slack. It pulls emails from Gmail.   from Slack. It pulls emails from Gmail. And then in a beautiful dashboard, it And then in a beautiful dashboard, it   And then in a beautiful dashboard, it visualizes our interactions like average visualizes our interactions like average   visualizes our interactions like average response time. Uh uh it buckets like it response time. Uh uh it buckets like it   response time. Uh uh it buckets like it has um a red light uh where there are has um a red light uh where there are   has um a red light uh where there are certain clients named that uh are in the certain clients named that uh are in the   certain clients named that uh are in the red like they're high risk yellow light red like they're high risk yellow light   red like they're high risk yellow light green light and we have this beautiful green light and we have this beautiful   green light and we have this beautiful dashboard that's visualized all of our dashboard that's visualized all of our   dashboard that's visualized all of our internal data and then even more internal data and then even more   internal data and then even more valuable than this is this dashboard valuable than this is this dashboard   valuable than this is this dashboard then can be talked to and I can say to then can be talked to and I can say to   then can be talked to and I can say to the dashboard hey based on what you're the dashboard hey based on what you're   the dashboard hey based on what you're saying about client red what is the next saying about client red what is the next   saying about client red what is the next action action we should take and action action we should take and   action action we should take and actually can you take that action Can actually can you take that action Can   actually can you take that action Can you actually do that for us? That's the you actually do that for us? That's the   you actually do that for us? That's the pie in the sky. And honestly, what what pie in the sky. And honestly, what what   pie in the sky. And honestly, what what I'm going to show you by the end isn't I'm going to show you by the end isn't   I'm going to show you by the end isn't that far from there. And that is that far from there. And that is   that far from there. And that is ultimately our goal for where we want to ultimately our goal for where we want to   ultimately our goal for where we want to get to with 10x. But that is the get to with 10x. But that is the   get to with 10x. But that is the elephant. And the only way to get to the elephant. And the only way to get to the   elephant. And the only way to get to the elephant is take one bite at a time. So elephant is take one bite at a time. So   elephant is take one bite at a time. So Arman always talks about this when we Arman always talks about this when we   Arman always talks about this when we talk about product at 10x is how you talk about product at 10x is how you   talk about product at 10x is how you scope down to the most important, most scope down to the most important, most   scope down to the most important, most atomic unit of what you're trying to atomic unit of what you're trying to   atomic unit of what you're trying to build. How do you start there and then build. How do you start there and then   build. How do you start there and then build up from there? And that is why build up from there? And that is why   build up from there? And that is why we're going to eat the elephant one bite we're going to eat the elephant one bite   we're going to eat the elephant one bite at a time. So this is bite number one. at a time. So this is bite number one.   at a time. So this is bite number one. That's that's someone biting. So what is That's that's someone biting. So what is   That's that's someone biting. So what is the first question that we are trying the first question that we are trying   the first question that we are trying that I'm trying to answer for our that I'm trying to answer for our   that I'm trying to answer for our customers at 10X? Very simply, we create customers at 10X? Very simply, we create   customers at 10X? Very simply, we create software for our customers, either AI software for our customers, either AI   software for our customers, either AI software or traditional software. And so software or traditional software. And so   software or traditional software. And so my number one question as I'm thinking my number one question as I'm thinking   my number one question as I'm thinking about um customer success and are our about um customer success and are our   about um customer success and are our account managers uh successfully account managers uh successfully   account managers uh successfully managing our clients is are we shipping managing our clients is are we shipping   managing our clients is are we shipping software like we promised? And so this software like we promised? And so this   software like we promised? And so this gets into how I think about building out gets into how I think about building out   gets into how I think about building out this AI solution that I'm talking about this AI solution that I'm talking about   this AI solution that I'm talking about and where I want to start. The first and where I want to start. The first   and where I want to start. The first level of building a solution is what I level of building a solution is what I   level of building a solution is what I call reactive AI. And reactive AI very call reactive AI. And reactive AI very   call reactive AI. And reactive AI very simply allows you to talk to your data. simply allows you to talk to your data.   simply allows you to talk to your data. So before doing anything else, I want to So before doing anything else, I want to   So before doing anything else, I want to scope down to the simplest way for me to scope down to the simplest way for me to   scope down to the simplest way for me to talk to our data and specifically our talk to our data and specifically our   talk to our data and specifically our customer interaction or engagement data customer interaction or engagement data   customer interaction or engagement data so I can easily understand what is the so I can easily understand what is the   so I can easily understand what is the state of the software that we're state of the software that we're   state of the software that we're shipping for our clients. So I'm going shipping for our clients. So I'm going   shipping for our clients. So I'm going to quickly demo that and then we're to quickly demo that and then we're   to quickly demo that and then we're going to build up from there. And what going to build up from there. And what   going to build up from there. And what I'm going to play out for you, and this I'm going to play out for you, and this   I'm going to play out for you, and this is what Arman was referring to before, is what Arman was referring to before,   is what Arman was referring to before, um, the analogy is there are basically um, the analogy is there are basically   um, the analogy is there are basically five steps that I think about taking in five steps that I think about taking in   five steps that I think about taking in any sort of process build, product any sort of process build, product   any sort of process build, product build, whether it's AI or just build, whether it's AI or just   build, whether it's AI or just traditional technology. The first is how traditional technology. The first is how   traditional technology. The first is how do we connect to the right sources? do we connect to the right sources?   do we connect to the right sources? Meaning, how do we connect to the right Meaning, how do we connect to the right   Meaning, how do we connect to the right information so we pulling in the right information so we pulling in the right   information so we pulling in the right data to learn the things we need to data to learn the things we need to   data to learn the things we need to learn about our customer interactions. learn about our customer interactions.   learn about our customer interactions. Second, how do we create a great prompt? Second, how do we create a great prompt?   Second, how do we create a great prompt? And what a great prompt allows us to do And what a great prompt allows us to do   And what a great prompt allows us to do is to get insights from that data. is to get insights from that data.   is to get insights from that data. Third, test the workflow we're building. Third, test the workflow we're building.   Third, test the workflow we're building. Again, the smallest version of the Again, the smallest version of the   Again, the smallest version of the workflow. Fourth, iterate. Because one workflow. Fourth, iterate. Because one   workflow. Fourth, iterate. Because one of the expectations I always try to set of the expectations I always try to set   of the expectations I always try to set with people is you are not going to with people is you are not going to   with people is you are not going to oneshot whatever the workflow or product oneshot whatever the workflow or product   oneshot whatever the workflow or product you're building uh is, you're not going you're building uh is, you're not going   you're building uh is, you're not going to oneshot it. It is going to take to oneshot it. It is going to take   to oneshot it. It is going to take iteration. the more complex or the iteration. the more complex or the   iteration. the more complex or the bigger the thing you're building, the bigger the thing you're building, the   bigger the thing you're building, the more iterations it will take to get it more iterations it will take to get it   more iterations it will take to get it to work right, which is why you want to to work right, which is why you want to   to work right, which is why you want to scope down to the simplest use case scope down to the simplest use case   scope down to the simplest use case first. Once you iterate and get it to a first. Once you iterate and get it to a   first. Once you iterate and get it to a great place, that is when you can add great place, that is when you can add   great place, that is when you can add functionality. And think about this functionality. And think about this   functionality. And think about this again, go back to Armon, think about again, go back to Armon, think about   again, go back to Armon, think about this as a junior employee. The first this as a junior employee. The first   this as a junior employee. The first thing you want to do with a junior thing you want to do with a junior   thing you want to do with a junior employee is give them the right employee is give them the right   employee is give them the right information. Give them the context that information. Give them the context that   information. Give them the context that they need to operate within the uh rails they need to operate within the uh rails   they need to operate within the uh rails that you've put them inside of. Then that you've put them inside of. Then   that you've put them inside of. Then create a great prompt. What's a great create a great prompt. What's a great   create a great prompt. What's a great prompt? It is what are the very explicit prompt? It is what are the very explicit   prompt? It is what are the very explicit instructions you have given to an a instructions you have given to an a   instructions you have given to an a junior employee to do then test the AI junior employee to do then test the AI   junior employee to do then test the AI test the human they go off they do the test the human they go off they do the   test the human they go off they do the work they come back the work isn't work they come back the work isn't   work they come back the work isn't exactly done properly that's where you exactly done properly that's where you   exactly done properly that's where you iterate iteration said differently for a iterate iteration said differently for a   iterate iteration said differently for a human is giving feedback you go through human is giving feedback you go through   human is giving feedback you go through this loop once the feedback is clearly this loop once the feedback is clearly   this loop once the feedback is clearly worked they're doing the work well you worked they're doing the work well you   worked they're doing the work well you add functionality or in terms of a human add functionality or in terms of a human   add functionality or in terms of a human you add responsibility because you built you add responsibility because you built   you add responsibility because you built trust anything you'd add here Arman       No, I'm just laughing at the said No, I'm just laughing at the said   No, I'm just laughing at the said differently. Um, [laughter] differently. Um, [laughter]   differently. Um, [laughter] &gt;&gt; that that's that's an Alexism. Okay. So, &gt;&gt; that that's that's an Alexism. Okay. So,   &gt;&gt; that that's that's an Alexism. Okay. So, what we're going to do is I'm going to what we're going to do is I'm going to   what we're going to do is I'm going to show you how we start with this the show you how we start with this the   show you how we start with this the smallest unit here which is talking to smallest unit here which is talking to   smallest unit here which is talking to our data and specifically for us that is our data and specifically for us that is   our data and specifically for us that is talking to linear to understand are we talking to linear to understand are we   talking to linear to understand are we shipping software at the speed that we shipping software at the speed that we   shipping software at the speed that we want to to make clients happy. So, let want to to make clients happy. So, let   want to to make clients happy. So, let me get out of here. The one thing the me get out of here. The one thing the   me get out of here. The one thing the one thing that I do want to add as one thing that I do want to add as   one thing that I do want to add as you're following this up is we have a you're following this up is we have a   you're following this up is we have a few questions in the chat of like is few questions in the chat of like is   few questions in the chat of like is this a product that 10X is building? Is this a product that 10X is building? Is   this a product that 10X is building? Is this just a bunch of Zapier this just a bunch of Zapier   this just a bunch of Zapier integrations? Like this is integrations? Like this is   integrations? Like this is like we are we are live building this like we are we are live building this   like we are we are live building this for our own company. Like everything for our own company. Like everything   for our own company. Like everything that Alex is showing you we are building that Alex is showing you we are building   that Alex is showing you we are building for ourselves. We already have a lot of for ourselves. We already have a lot of   for ourselves. We already have a lot of it built for ourselves, but we're it built for ourselves, but we're   it built for ourselves, but we're walking you through how we think about walking you through how we think about   walking you through how we think about building this because right now we've building this because right now we've   building this because right now we've done it for client success and client done it for client success and client   done it for client success and client support and all that, but we this is how support and all that, but we this is how   support and all that, but we this is how we do it for every part of our company. we do it for every part of our company.   we do it for every part of our company. And the goal is that by the end of this, And the goal is that by the end of this,   And the goal is that by the end of this, not only will you be able to literally not only will you be able to literally   not only will you be able to literally copy and paste this tool for yourselves, copy and paste this tool for yourselves,   copy and paste this tool for yourselves, um, and I know that there are a bunch of um, and I know that there are a bunch of   um, and I know that there are a bunch of companies that have this exact product companies that have this exact product   companies that have this exact product basically that we're building on top of basically that we're building on top of   basically that we're building on top of Xavier for ourselves, um, they have Xavier for ourselves, um, they have   Xavier for ourselves, um, they have this, but they charge a bunch of money. this, but they charge a bunch of money.   this, but they charge a bunch of money. you guys will be able to basically just you guys will be able to basically just   you guys will be able to basically just copy and paste this yourselves. That's copy and paste this yourselves. That's   copy and paste this yourselves. That's the first thing that I think is really the first thing that I think is really   the first thing that I think is really great. But also um you'll be able to great. But also um you'll be able to   great. But also um you'll be able to identify other opportunities in your identify other opportunities in your   identify other opportunities in your company and likewise build solutions to company and likewise build solutions to   company and likewise build solutions to them. them.   them. &gt;&gt; Yep. Absolutely. Okay. So the first &gt;&gt; Yep. Absolutely. Okay. So the first   &gt;&gt; Yep. Absolutely. Okay. So the first thing I want to do again is talk to my thing I want to do again is talk to my   thing I want to do again is talk to my data. And to us the for me the most data. And to us the for me the most   data. And to us the for me the most important data that we can have access important data that we can have access   important data that we can have access to is effectively our project management to is effectively our project management   to is effectively our project management board which because we're we're building board which because we're we're building   board which because we're we're building software is linear. I want to be able to software is linear. I want to be able to   software is linear. I want to be able to ask linear questions and and I really ask linear questions and and I really   ask linear questions and and I really would love to get like a report that would love to get like a report that   would love to get like a report that just tells me how are we moving along just tells me how are we moving along   just tells me how are we moving along with every client and what are risks with every client and what are risks   with every client and what are risks that uh you would dig into to learn more that uh you would dig into to learn more   that uh you would dig into to learn more about. And just think about this in about. And just think about this in   about. And just think about this in context. Let's assume in the future we context. Let's assume in the future we   context. Let's assume in the future we have a hundred clients and we have a have a hundred clients and we have a   have a hundred clients and we have a hundred different linear boards. It is hundred different linear boards. It is   hundred different linear boards. It is not going to be realistic for Arman or I not going to be realistic for Arman or I   not going to be realistic for Arman or I to get in the weeds or look at every to get in the weeds or look at every   to get in the weeds or look at every individual client's linear board. But we individual client's linear board. But we   individual client's linear board. But we want to make sure we are pushing forward want to make sure we are pushing forward   want to make sure we are pushing forward the work we're doing with clients just the work we're doing with clients just   the work we're doing with clients just as effectively as when we had one as effectively as when we had one   as effectively as when we had one customer. And so where I always start customer. And so where I always start   customer. And so where I always start again is I connect to uh I connect to again is I connect to uh I connect to   again is I connect to uh I connect to the right source. And so in linear let the right source. And so in linear let   the right source. And so in linear let me just find it here. Uh sorry in um in me just find it here. Uh sorry in um in   me just find it here. Uh sorry in um in claude uh and catch has the same thing. claude uh and catch has the same thing.   claude uh and catch has the same thing. These companies have connectors. Uh I I These companies have connectors. Uh I I   These companies have connectors. Uh I I Arman I laugh doesn't like these things Arman I laugh doesn't like these things   Arman I laugh doesn't like these things because connectors are basically just because connectors are basically just   because connectors are basically just MCP. MCP from Arman's point of view is MCP. MCP from Arman's point of view is   MCP. MCP from Arman's point of view is just a glorified version of APIs. But just a glorified version of APIs. But   just a glorified version of APIs. But all this to say that there are these all this to say that there are these   all this to say that there are these connections that Chashibbt and Claude connections that Chashibbt and Claude   connections that Chashibbt and Claude have created to talk to your have created to talk to your   have created to talk to your applications. Linear is one of them. applications. Linear is one of them.   applications. Linear is one of them. Linear also is a connector in chash up. Linear also is a connector in chash up.   Linear also is a connector in chash up. So what I'm going through is So what I'm going through is   So what I'm going through is interchangeable. So once I've made the interchangeable. So once I've made the   interchangeable. So once I've made the connection to linear that means now I connection to linear that means now I   connection to linear that means now I can access data that we have around can access data that we have around   can access data that we have around project management with our customers. project management with our customers.   project management with our customers. Then the next thing that I always do is Then the next thing that I always do is   Then the next thing that I always do is I create a great prompt and I people I create a great prompt and I people   I create a great prompt and I people have all these formulas for what is what have all these formulas for what is what   have all these formulas for what is what is a great prompt. My general formula is is a great prompt. My general formula is   is a great prompt. My general formula is this. If I'm talking to a junior this. If I'm talking to a junior   this. If I'm talking to a junior employee, how do I employee, how do I   employee, how do I increase the odds of them comprehending increase the odds of them comprehending   increase the odds of them comprehending what I'm saying so that there isn't what I'm saying so that there isn't   what I'm saying so that there isn't error because things got lost in error because things got lost in   error because things got lost in translation and how do I treat getting a translation and how do I treat getting a   translation and how do I treat getting a prompt in the same way? So, what I prompt in the same way? So, what I   prompt in the same way? So, what I basically said here is I want you to basically said here is I want you to   basically said here is I want you to create a prompt that helps me understand create a prompt that helps me understand   create a prompt that helps me understand how much software we're shipping for how much software we're shipping for   how much software we're shipping for clients and how many story points we've clients and how many story points we've   clients and how many story points we've completed this month for each client. I completed this month for each client. I   completed this month for each client. I want the output to be anonymized since want the output to be anonymized since   want the output to be anonymized since I'm showing this to a group of people. I'm showing this to a group of people.   I'm showing this to a group of people. create a prompt that I can feed to create a prompt that I can feed to   create a prompt that I can feed to Sonnet 4.5 that using the linear Sonnet 4.5 that using the linear   Sonnet 4.5 that using the linear connector will allow me to understand connector will allow me to understand   connector will allow me to understand the state of each customer's linear the state of each customer's linear   the state of each customer's linear board, how fast or much we're shipping, board, how fast or much we're shipping,   board, how fast or much we're shipping, and how many story points we've and how many story points we've   and how many story points we've completed this month. And just uh for completed this month. And just uh for   completed this month. And just uh for context, because people may not know context, because people may not know   context, because people may not know what story points are. Story points are what story points are. Story points are   what story points are. Story points are just a way we measure how much output we just a way we measure how much output we   just a way we measure how much output we are creating for a client, how much are creating for a client, how much   are creating for a client, how much software we're actually building for a software we're actually building for a   software we're actually building for a client. And then I said the linear client. And then I said the linear   client. And then I said the linear boards I'll want to monitor are boards I'll want to monitor are   boards I'll want to monitor are attached. This is a really small but attached. This is a really small but   attached. This is a really small but like I think is one of the underrated like I think is one of the underrated   like I think is one of the underrated things that LLMs have made super easy is things that LLMs have made super easy is   things that LLMs have made super easy is there's no easy way for me in linear to there's no easy way for me in linear to   there's no easy way for me in linear to like copy the name of all of our like copy the name of all of our   like copy the name of all of our different boards and paste it in. And so different boards and paste it in. And so   different boards and paste it in. And so now I just take screenshots and LLMs are now I just take screenshots and LLMs are   now I just take screenshots and LLMs are incredible at taking screenshots and incredible at taking screenshots and   incredible at taking screenshots and turning it into text. So I just took turning it into text. So I just took   turning it into text. So I just took screenshots of all of our boards, screenshots of all of our boards,   screenshots of all of our boards, attached it into Claude and it turned attached it into Claude and it turned   attached it into Claude and it turned that into a text list. So that is the that into a text list. So that is the   that into a text list. So that is the prompt that I create and then I take the prompt that I create and then I take the   prompt that I create and then I take the output of that prompt and I just in a output of that prompt and I just in a   output of that prompt and I just in a different chat feed it back to the LLM. different chat feed it back to the LLM.   different chat feed it back to the LLM. So let me just go here. So basically So let me just go here. So basically   So let me just go here. So basically what the output was and I'm not what the output was and I'm not   what the output was and I'm not scrolling up because it actually has the scrolling up because it actually has the   scrolling up because it actually has the names of our clients but basically it names of our clients but basically it   names of our clients but basically it gave this really thoughtful gave this really thoughtful   gave this really thoughtful prompt for telling Claude how it wants prompt for telling Claude how it wants   prompt for telling Claude how it wants to uh use Claude to generate a report by to uh use Claude to generate a report by   to uh use Claude to generate a report by accessing our linear data. So what are accessing our linear data. So what are   accessing our linear data. So what are the output requirements? Anonymization, the output requirements? Anonymization,   the output requirements? Anonymization, report format. Um based on the number of report format. Um based on the number of   report format. Um based on the number of story points we create for a client, story points we create for a client,   story points we create for a client, mark them as uh green like uh high mark them as uh green like uh high   mark them as uh green like uh high velocity, yellow uh medium velocity or velocity, yellow uh medium velocity or   velocity, yellow uh medium velocity or red low velocity. After that, add the red low velocity. After that, add the   red low velocity. After that, add the average story points per client, top average story points per client, top   average story points per client, top three performing clients. Additional three performing clients. Additional   three performing clients. Additional insights, flag any clients with zero insights, flag any clients with zero   insights, flag any clients with zero activity this month. note if any clients activity this month. note if any clients   activity this month. note if any clients have large backlogs. Uh identify any have large backlogs. Uh identify any   have large backlogs. Uh identify any patterns and then what that actually patterns and then what that actually   patterns and then what that actually results in is this is the output of results in is this is the output of   results in is this is the output of the uh prompt that I gave. So this is the uh prompt that I gave. So this is   the uh prompt that I gave. So this is basically a our linear customer board. basically a our linear customer board.   basically a our linear customer board. We're talking with the data by customer. We're talking with the data by customer.   We're talking with the data by customer. It shares how many issues have we It shares how many issues have we   It shares how many issues have we completed. What is each task that we've completed. What is each task that we've   completed. What is each task that we've done for each client by client? what is done for each client by client? what is   done for each client by client? what is the activity level, what is the current the activity level, what is the current   the activity level, what is the current project that we're working on, what are project that we're working on, what are   project that we're working on, what are the key themes of each project, and then the key themes of each project, and then   the key themes of each project, and then it also will share um what are potential it also will share um what are potential   it also will share um what are potential issues that we should be flagging. And issues that we should be flagging. And   issues that we should be flagging. And so like um what I can look at here is so like um what I can look at here is   so like um what I can look at here is there are certain companies that have there are certain companies that have   there are certain companies that have issues that uh they have not reviewed issues that uh they have not reviewed   issues that uh they have not reviewed our work that we've done for them in a our work that we've done for them in a   our work that we've done for them in a long time. And so thinking about how do long time. And so thinking about how do   long time. And so thinking about how do you actually turn this into action? What you actually turn this into action? What   you actually turn this into action? What I'm trying to understand here is where I'm trying to understand here is where   I'm trying to understand here is where are their bottlenecks? Where are we are their bottlenecks? Where are we   are their bottlenecks? Where are we getting slowed down? And now that I have getting slowed down? And now that I have   getting slowed down? And now that I have this at scale, now I can zoom into who this at scale, now I can zoom into who   this at scale, now I can zoom into who are the two to four clients where things are the two to four clients where things   are the two to four clients where things are getting stuck in a certain part of are getting stuck in a certain part of   are getting stuck in a certain part of the process. Now I can go into Slack, the process. Now I can go into Slack,   the process. Now I can go into Slack, ask the specific technical strategist, ask the specific technical strategist,   ask the specific technical strategist, hey, what's happening here? And I've hey, what's happening here? And I've   hey, what's happening here? And I've been able to focus my time on the things been able to focus my time on the things   been able to focus my time on the things that actually matter because creating that actually matter because creating   that actually matter because creating this integration allowed me to scale to this integration allowed me to scale to   this integration allowed me to scale to hundreds of clients but focus down on hundreds of clients but focus down on   hundreds of clients but focus down on who are the few that I actually need to who are the few that I actually need to   who are the few that I actually need to care about right now. care about right now.   care about right now. So that is that is the first example of So that is that is the first example of   So that is that is the first example of talking to your data and again creating talking to your data and again creating   talking to your data and again creating a connection with whatever is your a connection with whatever is your   a connection with whatever is your source of truth like for customer source of truth like for customer   source of truth like for customer interactions. And the one thing I'll say interactions. And the one thing I'll say   interactions. And the one thing I'll say going back to the slide that I had about going back to the slide that I had about   going back to the slide that I had about um um   um start small, test, iterate and then uh start small, test, iterate and then uh   start small, test, iterate and then uh increase complexity. The way I would increase complexity. The way I would   increase complexity. The way I would increase complexity here is we started increase complexity here is we started   increase complexity here is we started with linear because in my mind linear is with linear because in my mind linear is   with linear because in my mind linear is the source of truth for us is of how the source of truth for us is of how   the source of truth for us is of how much work are we actually doing. But much work are we actually doing. But   much work are we actually doing. But then the next way to add complexity here then the next way to add complexity here   then the next way to add complexity here is not just to do things like make the is not just to do things like make the   is not just to do things like make the AI more proactive, have it take action, AI more proactive, have it take action,   AI more proactive, have it take action, but also make it multi-threaded. And but also make it multi-threaded. And   but also make it multi-threaded. And when I say multi-threaded, get other when I say multi-threaded, get other   when I say multi-threaded, get other data inputs that work into understanding data inputs that work into understanding   data inputs that work into understanding our customer health. So not just linear, our customer health. So not just linear,   our customer health. So not just linear, but what is our average response time in but what is our average response time in   but what is our average response time in Slack with our customers? How many Slack Slack with our customers? How many Slack   Slack with our customers? How many Slack messages have we had with them? Take a messages have we had with them? Take a   messages have we had with them? Take a look at our notion meeting transcripts look at our notion meeting transcripts   look at our notion meeting transcripts with them. Are there any signals you got with them. Are there any signals you got   with them. Are there any signals you got from there? And that's what we're going from there? And that's what we're going   from there? And that's what we're going to go into in a minute. Um, I'm going to to go into in a minute. Um, I'm going to   to go into in a minute. Um, I'm going to pause there, see if there are any pause there, see if there are any   pause there, see if there are any questions before we kind of dial up what questions before we kind of dial up what   questions before we kind of dial up what this workflow looks like as we start this workflow looks like as we start   this workflow looks like as we start introducing other variables. One thing introducing other variables. One thing   introducing other variables. One thing that I want to highlight here as well as that I want to highlight here as well as   that I want to highlight here as well as we're waiting for questions to come in we're waiting for questions to come in   we're waiting for questions to come in in the chat is [clears throat] in the chat is [clears throat]   in the chat is [clears throat] that that   that we get a lot of questions about like, we get a lot of questions about like,   we get a lot of questions about like, oh, like I'm using chatbt. What's next? oh, like I'm using chatbt. What's next?   oh, like I'm using chatbt. What's next? Right? Like I'm using Claude. What's Right? Like I'm using Claude. What's   Right? Like I'm using Claude. What's next? Arman, you're you're um you're next? Arman, you're you're um you're   next? Arman, you're you're um you're pretty frozen right now. pretty frozen right now.   pretty frozen right now. &gt;&gt; Oh.       Let me hotspot. Let me hotspot.   Let me hotspot. &gt;&gt; Well, while we It's all good. We'll keep &gt;&gt; Well, while we It's all good. We'll keep   &gt;&gt; Well, while we It's all good. We'll keep going and Arma will work on his Wi-Fi. going and Arma will work on his Wi-Fi.   going and Arma will work on his Wi-Fi. But um so any questions on this But um so any questions on this   But um so any questions on this integration between Claude and Linear integration between Claude and Linear   integration between Claude and Linear before we kind of ramp up to making the before we kind of ramp up to making the   before we kind of ramp up to making the the workflow not only multi-threaded but the workflow not only multi-threaded but   the workflow not only multi-threaded but also more proactive and actually be able also more proactive and actually be able   also more proactive and actually be able to take action on these insights.       Uh Josh said where do you go to view the Uh Josh said where do you go to view the   Uh Josh said where do you go to view the report? So in this example I am going to report? So in this example I am going to   report? So in this example I am going to claude to view the report and typically claude to view the report and typically   claude to view the report and typically again like claw claude and GPT I use again like claw claude and GPT I use   again like claw claude and GPT I use them interchangeably right now. They're them interchangeably right now. They're   them interchangeably right now. They're kind of my daily drivers. So I just kind of my daily drivers. So I just   kind of my daily drivers. So I just always have it open. In GPT there is the always have it open. In GPT there is the   always have it open. In GPT there is the ability and this takes things from let ability and this takes things from let   ability and this takes things from let me just share my um let me share my deck me just share my um let me share my deck   me just share my um let me share my deck again because I think this is an again because I think this is an   again because I think this is an important point is one second screen.       Okay so going back to the different Okay so going back to the different   Okay so going back to the different levels of creating AI products or levels of creating AI products or   levels of creating AI products or processes there's level one is reactive processes there's level one is reactive   processes there's level one is reactive AI which is what we just built. You talk AI which is what we just built. You talk   AI which is what we just built. You talk to your AI and you ask it for insights, to your AI and you ask it for insights,   to your AI and you ask it for insights, but it you are pushing the AI to do but it you are pushing the AI to do   but it you are pushing the AI to do something. Level two is proactive AI and something. Level two is proactive AI and   something. Level two is proactive AI and that is the idea that AI works in the that is the idea that AI works in the   that is the idea that AI works in the background based on a schedule that or background based on a schedule that or   background based on a schedule that or some trigger that you've dictated to it. some trigger that you've dictated to it.   some trigger that you've dictated to it. And so I don't I don't know if they have And so I don't I don't know if they have   And so I don't I don't know if they have this with Claude. It may have been added this with Claude. It may have been added   this with Claude. It may have been added in with skills, but with GPT there's a in with skills, but with GPT there's a   in with skills, but with GPT there's a way to add in recurring jobs. So if we way to add in recurring jobs. So if we   way to add in recurring jobs. So if we ran the same exact flow where we're ran the same exact flow where we're   ran the same exact flow where we're connected with linear and we have this connected with linear and we have this   connected with linear and we have this report run in linear, we can run it as a report run in linear, we can run it as a   report run in linear, we can run it as a daily job where every day a chat is daily job where every day a chat is   daily job where every day a chat is created in GPT that delivers this report created in GPT that delivers this report   created in GPT that delivers this report based on the last day or week's activity based on the last day or week's activity   based on the last day or week's activity within linear. So to answer your within linear. So to answer your   within linear. So to answer your question, that's how it would currently question, that's how it would currently   question, that's how it would currently be done. If you use other tools like be done. If you use other tools like   be done. If you use other tools like Zapier, which we're going to go to in a Zapier, which we're going to go to in a   Zapier, which we're going to go to in a minute, then you can have the output minute, then you can have the output   minute, then you can have the output happen via email, via Slack. You have happen via email, via Slack. You have   happen via email, via Slack. You have more flexibility than building kind of more flexibility than building kind of   more flexibility than building kind of th this workflow I just shared within th this workflow I just shared within   th this workflow I just shared within GPT or uh Claude. To Mark's question, GPT or uh Claude. To Mark's question,   GPT or uh Claude. To Mark's question, linear is think of it as like Air Table linear is think of it as like Air Table   linear is think of it as like Air Table or Monday.com. It's a project management or Monday.com. It's a project management   or Monday.com. It's a project management tool, but specifically focused on tool, but specifically focused on   tool, but specifically focused on engineers and product managers. engineers and product managers.   engineers and product managers. &gt;&gt; Arman, you were going to add something &gt;&gt; Arman, you were going to add something   &gt;&gt; Arman, you were going to add something before. before.   before. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, so everyone can hear me, &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, so everyone can hear me,   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, so everyone can hear me, right? I'm I'm clear yet again. right? I'm I'm clear yet again.   right? I'm I'm clear yet again. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you're good. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you're good.   &gt;&gt; Yeah, you're good. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, one thing that I just want to &gt;&gt; Okay. So, one thing that I just want to   &gt;&gt; Okay. So, one thing that I just want to highlight is we get questions a lot from highlight is we get questions a lot from   highlight is we get questions a lot from from clients, companies, everybody that from clients, companies, everybody that   from clients, companies, everybody that &gt;&gt; they basically say, okay, I'm using Chad &gt;&gt; they basically say, okay, I'm using Chad   &gt;&gt; they basically say, okay, I'm using Chad GBT, I'm using Claude. What's next? GBT, I'm using Claude. What's next?   GBT, I'm using Claude. What's next? Like, I'm doing this and I'm and I'm Like, I'm doing this and I'm and I'm   Like, I'm doing this and I'm and I'm really good at it. Like, what is the really good at it. Like, what is the   really good at it. Like, what is the next level? And I think that there next level? And I think that there   next level? And I think that there absolutely are next levels, but there's absolutely are next levels, but there's   absolutely are next levels, but there's always more opportunity to get out of always more opportunity to get out of   always more opportunity to get out of Chad Shept and Claude. And I think one Chad Shept and Claude. And I think one   Chad Shept and Claude. And I think one way to think about it is that       traditionally what Alex just showed traditionally what Alex just showed   traditionally what Alex just showed would really only be done by like a would really only be done by like a   would really only be done by like a full-time person. Like that would take full-time person. Like that would take   full-time person. Like that would take Think about before AI, which like Think about before AI, which like   Think about before AI, which like literally is hard for me to wrap my head literally is hard for me to wrap my head   literally is hard for me to wrap my head around, but like before AI, around, but like before AI,   around, but like before AI, a person would have to go through this a person would have to go through this   a person would have to go through this like linear system, which is basically like linear system, which is basically   like linear system, which is basically like it's a it's a giant project like it's a it's a giant project   like it's a it's a giant project management system. They would have to go management system. They would have to go   management system. They would have to go through the project management system through the project management system   through the project management system and they would need to go through client and they would need to go through client   and they would need to go through client by client, column by cl column, task by by client, column by cl column, task by   by client, column by cl column, task by task and they would need to copy and task and they would need to copy and   task and they would need to copy and paste. Okay, this was done, this was not paste. Okay, this was done, this was not   paste. Okay, this was done, this was not done. Okay, for each client, how are done. Okay, for each client, how are   done. Okay, for each client, how are they feeling? Let me look at the slack. they feeling? Let me look at the slack.   they feeling? Let me look at the slack. This would be a dayong job. It would be This would be a dayong job. It would be   This would be a dayong job. It would be incredibly expensive. And so the only incredibly expensive. And so the only   incredibly expensive. And so the only companies that would be able to actually companies that would be able to actually   companies that would be able to actually afford having a message like this sent afford having a message like this sent   afford having a message like this sent to the co-founders of the business every to the co-founders of the business every   to the co-founders of the business every day, you'd have to be gigantic. But for day, you'd have to be gigantic. But for   day, you'd have to be gigantic. But for the first literally for the first time the first literally for the first time   the first literally for the first time in history, a company like 10X and a in history, a company like 10X and a   in history, a company like 10X and a company like of any size, if you have 20 company like of any size, if you have 20   company like of any size, if you have 20 bucks a month, you can afford to have bucks a month, you can afford to have   bucks a month, you can afford to have this message sent to you. And I think this message sent to you. And I think   this message sent to you. And I think that is what is incredible here is that that is what is incredible here is that   that is what is incredible here is that you're able to do things that you're able to do things that   you're able to do things that traditionally only gigantic companies traditionally only gigantic companies   traditionally only gigantic companies would be able to do just by using would be able to do just by using   would be able to do just by using chatbt. And so I always think that chatbt. And so I always think that   chatbt. And so I always think that there's more opportunity. And then we'll there's more opportunity. And then we'll   there's more opportunity. And then we'll see in level two that it's even better. see in level two that it's even better.   see in level two that it's even better. So Alex, I'll throw it back to you. So Alex, I'll throw it back to you.   So Alex, I'll throw it back to you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So level two, we're going to ramp &gt;&gt; Yeah. So level two, we're going to ramp   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So level two, we're going to ramp this up a lot. And so we're going to do this up a lot. And so we're going to do   this up a lot. And so we're going to do two things. one is we're going to make two things. one is we're going to make   two things. one is we're going to make this proactive so that this customer this proactive so that this customer   this proactive so that this customer health report um is generated with a health report um is generated with a   health report um is generated with a level of frequency that we want. From my level of frequency that we want. From my   level of frequency that we want. From my perspective, Arman and I would want this perspective, Arman and I would want this   perspective, Arman and I would want this weekly to really keep a good uh pulse on weekly to really keep a good uh pulse on   weekly to really keep a good uh pulse on the business on a weekly basis and we're the business on a weekly basis and we're   the business on a weekly basis and we're going to make it multi-threaded. So when going to make it multi-threaded. So when   going to make it multi-threaded. So when I think about it, going back to what I I think about it, going back to what I   I think about it, going back to what I was saying before, there there are three was saying before, there there are three   was saying before, there there are three or four data sources that together give or four data sources that together give   or four data sources that together give us a great picture of what is the us a great picture of what is the   us a great picture of what is the directional health of a customer given directional health of a customer given   directional health of a customer given what they're saying, how they're saying what they're saying, how they're saying   what they're saying, how they're saying it, and how we are pushing forward the it, and how we are pushing forward the   it, and how we are pushing forward the projects that we're working on for them. projects that we're working on for them.   projects that we're working on for them. And so my next goal here with proactive And so my next goal here with proactive   And so my next goal here with proactive AI is to have something running in the AI is to have something running in the   AI is to have something running in the background with a level of frequency and background with a level of frequency and   background with a level of frequency and pulling in all of the data sources that pulling in all of the data sources that   pulling in all of the data sources that tell us more about our customers. So let tell us more about our customers. So let   tell us more about our customers. So let me let me keep this going. me let me keep this going.   me let me keep this going. Um so we we had the first bite of the Um so we we had the first bite of the   Um so we we had the first bite of the elephant. Are we shipping software where elephant. Are we shipping software where   elephant. Are we shipping software where we uh like we promised by through Claude we uh like we promised by through Claude   we uh like we promised by through Claude setting up the linear connector getting setting up the linear connector getting   setting up the linear connector getting a great prompt asking it for a great a great prompt asking it for a great   a great prompt asking it for a great report in that report having it point report in that report having it point   report in that report having it point out what are specific clients where out what are specific clients where   out what are specific clients where there is a backlog of PRs in review so there is a backlog of PRs in review so   there is a backlog of PRs in review so that I can reach out to or Armen can that I can reach out to or Armen can   that I can reach out to or Armen can reach out to our technical strategist reach out to our technical strategist   reach out to our technical strategist say hey why is so and so client not say hey why is so and so client not   say hey why is so and so client not pushing forward the work that we're pushing forward the work that we're   pushing forward the work that we're giving them and uncover some bottleneck giving them and uncover some bottleneck   giving them and uncover some bottleneck there. Next step is give me this insight there. Next step is give me this insight   there. Next step is give me this insight without being asked and without being asked and   without being asked and that is where we get into proactive AI. that is where we get into proactive AI.   that is where we get into proactive AI. And so for this I'm using Zapier and And so for this I'm using Zapier and   And so for this I'm using Zapier and basically when I use Zapier you can basically when I use Zapier you can   basically when I use Zapier you can basically assume I am building something basically assume I am building something   basically assume I am building something that is code on the back end but all the that is code on the back end but all the   that is code on the back end but all the code has been abstracted away for code has been abstracted away for   code has been abstracted away for someone like me that is not an engineer. someone like me that is not an engineer.   someone like me that is not an engineer. So if you have access to engineers, you So if you have access to engineers, you   So if you have access to engineers, you could build what I am building or you could build what I am building or you   could build what I am building or you could use Zapier and do it yourself as a could use Zapier and do it yourself as a   could use Zapier and do it yourself as a non-technical person. And I'm sure Arman non-technical person. And I'm sure Arman   non-technical person. And I'm sure Arman could give you several ideas for as an could give you several ideas for as an   could give you several ideas for as an engineer how you would build this. So engineer how you would build this. So   engineer how you would build this. So let me walk you through my process for let me walk you through my process for   let me walk you through my process for making this multi-threaded proactive AI making this multi-threaded proactive AI   making this multi-threaded proactive AI with Zapier. with Zapier.   with Zapier. So let me share this first. So let me share this first.   So let me share this first. Um stop sharing Um stop sharing   Um stop sharing presentation. presentation.   presentation. Nope. Nope.   Nope. &gt;&gt; As you're pulling this up, I wanna I &gt;&gt; As you're pulling this up, I wanna I   &gt;&gt; As you're pulling this up, I wanna I want to mention a question that we've want to mention a question that we've   want to mention a question that we've seen a few thing a few times in the seen a few thing a few times in the   seen a few thing a few times in the chat. Like folks are asking things like, chat. Like folks are asking things like,   chat. Like folks are asking things like, "Will this work with Jira? Will this "Will this work with Jira? Will this   "Will this work with Jira? Will this work with Asana?" Um, these ideas that work with Asana?" Um, these ideas that   work with Asana?" Um, these ideas that we're presenting here are foundational we're presenting here are foundational   we're presenting here are foundational to AI development in business. So like to AI development in business. So like   to AI development in business. So like level one, you can ask AI questions level one, you can ask AI questions   level one, you can ask AI questions about your data. Level two, Alex is about your data. Level two, Alex is   about your data. Level two, Alex is going to walk through like like AI will going to walk through like like AI will   going to walk through like like AI will proactively tell you things about your proactively tell you things about your   proactively tell you things about your data. These these levels, these systems, data. These these levels, these systems,   data. These these levels, these systems, these frameworks work regardless of these frameworks work regardless of   these frameworks work regardless of where your data is, what your data is, where your data is, what your data is,   where your data is, what your data is, right? Like right now we're just talking right? Like right now we're just talking   right? Like right now we're just talking about this one specific use case, but it about this one specific use case, but it   about this one specific use case, but it can work like even this specific use can work like even this specific use   can work like even this specific use case can work with case can work with   case can work with linear, Asana, Jira, and so on. but they linear, Asana, Jira, and so on. but they   linear, Asana, Jira, and so on. but they can also work with your ERP and CRM and can also work with your ERP and CRM and   can also work with your ERP and CRM and they can also work with your Slack and they can also work with your Slack and   they can also work with your Slack and they can also work with your email and they can also work with your email and   they can also work with your email and your calendar and so really like like I your calendar and so really like like I   your calendar and so really like like I think it's it's important to dig into an think it's it's important to dig into an   think it's it's important to dig into an example to see the the power and the example to see the the power and the   example to see the the power and the fire but definitely pull out zoom out fire but definitely pull out zoom out   fire but definitely pull out zoom out and think about like where else where and think about like where else where   and think about like where else where else can this apply and the answer is else can this apply and the answer is   else can this apply and the answer is probably yes. probably yes.   probably yes. &gt;&gt; Yep. Absolutely. So this again where I &gt;&gt; Yep. Absolutely. So this again where I   &gt;&gt; Yep. Absolutely. So this again where I start with everything is with giving the start with everything is with giving the   start with everything is with giving the right information which I already set up right information which I already set up   right information which I already set up in in Zapier which you'll see in a in in Zapier which you'll see in a   in in Zapier which you'll see in a second and creating a great prompt. And second and creating a great prompt. And   second and creating a great prompt. And generally like you can have Zapier and generally like you can have Zapier and   generally like you can have Zapier and we'll show it in a second create the we'll show it in a second create the   we'll show it in a second create the prompt for you. I've always just found prompt for you. I've always just found   prompt for you. I've always just found that I feel the most comfort with like a that I feel the most comfort with like a   that I feel the most comfort with like a GPT 5.1 or a set 4.5 creating the prompt GPT 5.1 or a set 4.5 creating the prompt   GPT 5.1 or a set 4.5 creating the prompt because oftentimes like in Zapier or any because oftentimes like in Zapier or any   because oftentimes like in Zapier or any of these tools they are just using those of these tools they are just using those   of these tools they are just using those models to create the prompt as it is. So models to create the prompt as it is. So   models to create the prompt as it is. So basically here I I fed exactly what I basically here I I fed exactly what I   basically here I I fed exactly what I wanted created that I described to you wanted created that I described to you   wanted created that I described to you all think hard and create an amazing all think hard and create an amazing   all think hard and create an amazing prompt I can feed to Zapier. I wanted to prompt I can feed to Zapier. I wanted to   prompt I can feed to Zapier. I wanted to ingest a bunch of signals from client ingest a bunch of signals from client   ingest a bunch of signals from client interactions and use that to create a interactions and use that to create a   interactions and use that to create a weekly comprehensive client health weekly comprehensive client health   weekly comprehensive client health report that provides overall client report that provides overall client   report that provides overall client health as well as deep insights client health as well as deep insights client   health as well as deep insights client by client. I want you to take liberties by client. I want you to take liberties   by client. I want you to take liberties to make this as specific, deep, and to make this as specific, deep, and   to make this as specific, deep, and actionable as possible. But there are actionable as possible. But there are   actionable as possible. But there are things I think should be included by things I think should be included by   things I think should be included by client, customer health score, key client, customer health score, key   client, customer health score, key signals, key quotes, areas for concern, signals, key quotes, areas for concern,   signals, key quotes, areas for concern, potential issues, number of Slack potential issues, number of Slack   potential issues, number of Slack interactions, average Slack response interactions, average Slack response   interactions, average Slack response time, number of story points completed, time, number of story points completed,   time, number of story points completed, blah blah blah blah. I I fire this blah blah blah blah. I I fire this   blah blah blah blah. I I fire this prompt off and then I was like, "Oh, prompt off and then I was like, "Oh,   prompt off and then I was like, "Oh, damn. I also wanted notion. So then I damn. I also wanted notion. So then I   damn. I also wanted notion. So then I updated the prompt while it was updated the prompt while it was   updated the prompt while it was mid-thinking and said, "Oh, I also mid-thinking and said, "Oh, I also   mid-thinking and said, "Oh, I also wanted to pull insights not just from wanted to pull insights not just from   wanted to pull insights not just from Slack and Linear, but also call Slack and Linear, but also call   Slack and Linear, but also call transcripts from notion." And so then transcripts from notion." And so then   transcripts from notion." And so then what it ended up giving me was this just what it ended up giving me was this just   what it ended up giving me was this just like really in-depth prompt for scoring like really in-depth prompt for scoring   like really in-depth prompt for scoring clients based on the inputs. And then clients based on the inputs. And then   clients based on the inputs. And then the output format is the overall the output format is the overall   the output format is the overall summary. So average client health score, summary. So average client health score,   summary. So average client health score, count of clients by status, short count of clients by status, short   count of clients by status, short narrative summary, key emerging risks, narrative summary, key emerging risks,   narrative summary, key emerging risks, key positive trends. Again, all of this key positive trends. Again, all of this   key positive trends. Again, all of this just for context would have never been just for context would have never been   just for context would have never been possible pre- AAI because this is where possible pre- AAI because this is where   possible pre- AAI because this is where true intelligence is being layered on true intelligence is being layered on   true intelligence is being layered on top of the data that we're giving it. top of the data that we're giving it.   top of the data that we're giving it. And then we have a client byclient And then we have a client byclient   And then we have a client byclient breakdown. So for each client, health breakdown. So for each client, health   breakdown. So for each client, health score, status light, renewal, churn, score, status light, renewal, churn,   score, status light, renewal, churn, risk, expansion potential, oneline risk, expansion potential, oneline   risk, expansion potential, oneline summary, key signals this week, key summary, key signals this week, key   summary, key signals this week, key quotes, uh slack activity, linear quotes, uh slack activity, linear   quotes, uh slack activity, linear progress, call insights for every single progress, call insights for every single   progress, call insights for every single client. So now let me go to the next client. So now let me go to the next   client. So now let me go to the next what how that actually shows up in uh what how that actually shows up in uh   what how that actually shows up in uh Zapier. So let me share this step. So Zapier. So let me share this step. So   Zapier. So let me share this step. So we're in Zapier now. There's the agent we're in Zapier now. There's the agent   we're in Zapier now. There's the agent builder which is uh functionality in builder which is uh functionality in   builder which is uh functionality in Zapier. And what I basically did is I Zapier. And what I basically did is I   Zapier. And what I basically did is I fed the prompt to uh Zapier in agent fed the prompt to uh Zapier in agent   fed the prompt to uh Zapier in agent builder. And as you can see the trigger builder. And as you can see the trigger   builder. And as you can see the trigger says on demand right now. I just did says on demand right now. I just did   says on demand right now. I just did that so we could run this um agent if we that so we could run this um agent if we   that so we could run this um agent if we wanted to right now. But obviously you wanted to right now. But obviously you   wanted to right now. But obviously you can also do it as you can see you can can also do it as you can see you can   can also do it as you can see you can schedule by Zap year. You could have it schedule by Zap year. You could have it   schedule by Zap year. You could have it due every week. Choose value. I would due every week. Choose value. I would   due every week. Choose value. I would want it Mondays at want it Mondays at   want it Mondays at 8:00 a.m. so that Arman and I can get it 8:00 a.m. so that Arman and I can get it   8:00 a.m. so that Arman and I can get it when we get to the office first day of when we get to the office first day of   when we get to the office first day of the week. And now that is the recurring the week. And now that is the recurring   the week. And now that is the recurring trigger. So I'm not going to run it now trigger. So I'm not going to run it now   trigger. So I'm not going to run it now because it's going to take time, but I'm because it's going to take time, but I'm   because it's going to take time, but I'm going to show you what the output looks going to show you what the output looks   going to show you what the output looks like. So let me go over here. Um, so like. So let me go over here. Um, so   like. So let me go over here. Um, so what I basically did is we also set it what I basically did is we also set it   what I basically did is we also set it up so that it emails to us so that it up so that it emails to us so that it   up so that it emails to us so that it would send us emails and also our core would send us emails and also our core   would send us emails and also our core team a Slack message with what weekly uh team a Slack message with what weekly uh   team a Slack message with what weekly uh customer um like customer sentiment customer um like customer sentiment   customer um like customer sentiment looks like. And so this is basically looks like. And so this is basically   looks like. And so this is basically what we're sent. We have the executive what we're sent. We have the executive   what we're sent. We have the executive summary which has top three risks. So summary which has top three risks. So   summary which has top three risks. So one client who's working on field rep one client who's working on field rep   one client who's working on field rep testing, another one who's working on an testing, another one who's working on an   testing, another one who's working on an eBay integration, another one who's eBay integration, another one who's   eBay integration, another one who's dealing with performance delays, the top dealing with performance delays, the top   dealing with performance delays, the top three opportunities. So what are actual three opportunities. So what are actual   three opportunities. So what are actual opportunities for how we can wa wow opportunities for how we can wa wow   opportunities for how we can wa wow clients over the next week. What we then clients over the next week. What we then   clients over the next week. What we then have is client by client breakdown. So have is client by client breakdown. So   have is client by client breakdown. So client A and this is ordered by risk. So client A and this is ordered by risk. So   client A and this is ordered by risk. So health score 6 out of 10, churn risk health score 6 out of 10, churn risk   health score 6 out of 10, churn risk medium, trending down. So that is not a medium, trending down. So that is not a   medium, trending down. So that is not a good sign. So like this is something good sign. So like this is something   good sign. So like this is something that Arman and I would probably pull the that Arman and I would probably pull the   that Arman and I would probably pull the technical strategist in to go through technical strategist in to go through   technical strategist in to go through this breakdown and be like tell us where this breakdown and be like tell us where   this breakdown and be like tell us where the concern that's created in this the concern that's created in this   the concern that's created in this report is wrong. Where is it right? What report is wrong. Where is it right? What   report is wrong. Where is it right? What are the actions we're taking to have are the actions we're taking to have   are the actions we're taking to have this trend back up and get this from a this trend back up and get this from a   this trend back up and get this from a red to a yellow. And so then it also red to a yellow. And so then it also   red to a yellow. And so then it also shares immediate actions required daily shares immediate actions required daily   shares immediate actions required daily check-ins until the field rep testing is check-ins until the field rep testing is   check-ins until the field rep testing is done. Escalate location in uh issues to done. Escalate location in uh issues to   done. Escalate location in uh issues to senior engineering. Prepare contingency senior engineering. Prepare contingency   senior engineering. Prepare contingency plan if testing is delayed. And this plan if testing is delayed. And this   plan if testing is delayed. And this goes through with every single client goes through with every single client   goes through with every single client ingesting Slack, ingesting linear, and ingesting Slack, ingesting linear, and   ingesting Slack, ingesting linear, and ingesting our Notion call transcripts ingesting our Notion call transcripts   ingesting our Notion call transcripts all to work together this full picture all to work together this full picture   all to work together this full picture of how we're doing with clients. Uh, of how we're doing with clients. Uh,   of how we're doing with clients. Uh, Arman, anything you would add? Yeah, I Arman, anything you would add? Yeah, I   Arman, anything you would add? Yeah, I mean I I just again I like I'm going to mean I I just again I like I'm going to   mean I I just again I like I'm going to sound like a broken record. I still sound like a broken record. I still   sound like a broken record. I still think it's insane that like historically think it's insane that like historically   think it's insane that like historically the president and Alex and I talk about the president and Alex and I talk about   the president and Alex and I talk about this all the time like there's this this all the time like there's this   this all the time like there's this thing called the presidential daily thing called the presidential daily   thing called the presidential daily brief, right? Every single day the brief, right? Every single day the   brief, right? Every single day the president wakes up and they get a huge president wakes up and they get a huge   president wakes up and they get a huge like stack of papers and it is like stack of papers and it is   like stack of papers and it is structured exactly how the president structured exactly how the president   structured exactly how the president wants with all the top news, all the wants with all the top news, all the   wants with all the top news, all the things that they need to know. So they things that they need to know. So they   things that they need to know. So they wake up, they read this presidential wake up, they read this presidential   wake up, they read this presidential daily brief. This is a thing since I daily brief. This is a thing since I   daily brief. This is a thing since I forget which president started it. I forget which president started it. I   forget which president started it. I once I heard about that I was like that once I heard about that I was like that   once I heard about that I was like that would be incredible to get that right would be incredible to get that right   would be incredible to get that right and there are a ton of newsletters right and there are a ton of newsletters right   and there are a ton of newsletters right like we all know them like Morning Brew like we all know them like Morning Brew   like we all know them like Morning Brew and all the other ones um and you can and all the other ones um and you can   and all the other ones um and you can wake up and you can read those but what wake up and you can read those but what   wake up and you can read those but what if you could have your own right and I if you could have your own right and I   if you could have your own right and I think that it's incredible that think that it's incredible that   think that it's incredible that basically what Alex just built is that basically what Alex just built is that   basically what Alex just built is that for customers right for the customer for customers right for the customer   for customers right for the customer success and the and deuce has a question success and the and deuce has a question   success and the and deuce has a question here about like what is uh that's linear here about like what is uh that's linear   here about like what is uh that's linear and call transcripts like can you and call transcripts like can you   and call transcripts like can you include email and CRM The answer is yes. include email and CRM The answer is yes.   include email and CRM The answer is yes. Like uh Daniel put a list of all the Like uh Daniel put a list of all the   Like uh Daniel put a list of all the apps from Zapier. You can absolutely add apps from Zapier. You can absolutely add   apps from Zapier. You can absolutely add those other data sources as well. And those other data sources as well. And   those other data sources as well. And then Doug asked how is it assigning then Doug asked how is it assigning   then Doug asked how is it assigning churn risk and a health score. Did you churn risk and a health score. Did you   churn risk and a health score. Did you tell it what the formula would be? And I tell it what the formula would be? And I   tell it what the formula would be? And I I believe that um that Alex, you did I believe that um that Alex, you did   I believe that um that Alex, you did have a like you did have information on have a like you did have information on   have a like you did have information on how to assign that client risk. Yep. And how to assign that client risk. Yep. And   how to assign that client risk. Yep. And the entire structure of the response the entire structure of the response   the entire structure of the response like everything is in that prompt. So like everything is in that prompt. So   like everything is in that prompt. So you can make this completely custom to you can make this completely custom to   you can make this completely custom to what you want it to be for customer what you want it to be for customer   what you want it to be for customer success, for your sales pipeline, for success, for your sales pipeline, for   success, for your sales pipeline, for every part of your company. You can have every part of your company. You can have   every part of your company. You can have this happen. this happen.   this happen. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So what I would say for the churn &gt;&gt; Yeah. So what I would say for the churn   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So what I would say for the churn risk question because this is a really risk question because this is a really   risk question because this is a really uh good one. In a perfect world, the way uh good one. In a perfect world, the way   uh good one. In a perfect world, the way we will ultimately use this and we will ultimately use this and   we will ultimately use this and associate churn risk is look do a look associate churn risk is look do a look   associate churn risk is look do a look back on all previous clients who churned back on all previous clients who churned   back on all previous clients who churned and what were the signals that we saw and what were the signals that we saw   and what were the signals that we saw from that client. whether it was um from that client. whether it was um   from that client. whether it was um things they said on calls, uh what the things they said on calls, uh what the   things they said on calls, uh what the average number of touch points were over average number of touch points were over   average number of touch points were over Slack, uh what um what uh linear Slack, uh what um what uh linear   Slack, uh what um what uh linear momentum like in terms of uh number of momentum like in terms of uh number of   momentum like in terms of uh number of issues resolved or number of story issues resolved or number of story   issues resolved or number of story points complete and that will become points complete and that will become   points complete and that will become like basically those traits will become like basically those traits will become   like basically those traits will become the bar of what creates churn risk for the bar of what creates churn risk for   the bar of what creates churn risk for us. What I did here is I basically uh us. What I did here is I basically uh   us. What I did here is I basically uh gave it conservative estimates of what I gave it conservative estimates of what I   gave it conservative estimates of what I would consider high, middle, and low would consider high, middle, and low   would consider high, middle, and low risk. But I also said use your best risk. But I also said use your best   risk. But I also said use your best judgment. So I said like if we are if we judgment. So I said like if we are if we   judgment. So I said like if we are if we in the last week have done more than uh in the last week have done more than uh   in the last week have done more than uh 50 story points worth of work that is 50 story points worth of work that is   50 story points worth of work that is low turn risk. If we've done uh between low turn risk. If we've done uh between   low turn risk. If we've done uh between 25 and 50 that's medium turn risk. And 25 and 50 that's medium turn risk. And   25 and 50 that's medium turn risk. And if we've done um less than 25, that's if we've done um less than 25, that's   if we've done um less than 25, that's high churn risk. And I basically did high churn risk. And I basically did   high churn risk. And I basically did that for churn. I did that for Slack. that for churn. I did that for Slack.   that for churn. I did that for Slack. And I did that for call transcripts. And And I did that for call transcripts. And   And I did that for call transcripts. And like I said, it was directional. But you like I said, it was directional. But you   like I said, it was directional. But you would also be surprised how good these would also be surprised how good these   would also be surprised how good these models are at just like directionally models are at just like directionally   models are at just like directionally figuring out what signals lead to an figuring out what signals lead to an   figuring out what signals lead to an increased risk of churn. But what I did increased risk of churn. But what I did   increased risk of churn. But what I did make sure of here is again, this is for make sure of here is again, this is for   make sure of here is again, this is for me, what's most important here is that me, what's most important here is that   me, what's most important here is that it's directional. I would rather there it's directional. I would rather there   it's directional. I would rather there be false positives than false negatives. be false positives than false negatives.   be false positives than false negatives. And so I would rather call out too many And so I would rather call out too many   And so I would rather call out too many clients that are high risk of turn and clients that are high risk of turn and   clients that are high risk of turn and we go and check in on them than not call we go and check in on them than not call   we go and check in on them than not call out enough. And so that was how I out enough. And so that was how I   out enough. And so that was how I structured that prompt. Um someone else structured that prompt. Um someone else   structured that prompt. Um someone else had a question about this. Um had a question about this. Um   had a question about this. Um did you tell Yeah. So the the whole did you tell Yeah. So the the whole   did you tell Yeah. So the the whole chorus thing I would also say is again chorus thing I would also say is again   chorus thing I would also say is again if I wanted to also specify it further I if I wanted to also specify it further I   if I wanted to also specify it further I would go back to typically chat GPT or would go back to typically chat GPT or   would go back to typically chat GPT or claude and I would say these are the claude and I would say these are the   claude and I would say these are the this is the type of business we have. this is the type of business we have.   this is the type of business we have. This is what we deliver them. Uh these This is what we deliver them. Uh these   This is what we deliver them. Uh these are the systems by which we engage with are the systems by which we engage with   are the systems by which we engage with our clients. Can you create a list of our clients. Can you create a list of   our clients. Can you create a list of signals that put someone into a high signals that put someone into a high   signals that put someone into a high middle or low churn risk bucket? And I middle or low churn risk bucket? And I   middle or low churn risk bucket? And I would use that in the instructions for would use that in the instructions for   would use that in the instructions for Zapier. And as we get more actual Zapier. And as we get more actual   Zapier. And as we get more actual information over time, I would just information over time, I would just   information over time, I would just finagle the instructions to be more finagle the instructions to be more   finagle the instructions to be more accurate to the real data that we have. accurate to the real data that we have.   accurate to the real data that we have. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And hopefully that one thing that &gt;&gt; Yeah. And hopefully that one thing that   &gt;&gt; Yeah. And hopefully that one thing that I think is interesting is like I would I think is interesting is like I would   I think is interesting is like I would recommend testing more guidance and less recommend testing more guidance and less   recommend testing more guidance and less guidance. And so I would actually guidance. And so I would actually   guidance. And so I would actually recommend testing and Alex, I don't know recommend testing and Alex, I don't know   recommend testing and Alex, I don't know if we've done this, but but we should do if we've done this, but but we should do   if we've done this, but but we should do it as well. it as well.   it as well. almost giving no guidance on what on almost giving no guidance on what on   almost giving no guidance on what on what defines churn risk but saying I what defines churn risk but saying I   what defines churn risk but saying I want you to be a little extra want you to be a little extra   want you to be a little extra conservative because I think that AI conservative because I think that AI   conservative because I think that AI tools part of what's incredible about tools part of what's incredible about   tools part of what's incredible about them I always call them warm-blooded them I always call them warm-blooded   them I always call them warm-blooded right like right like   right like &gt;&gt; yep &gt;&gt; yep   &gt;&gt; yep &gt;&gt; AI is warm-blooded and there's this &gt;&gt; AI is warm-blooded and there's this   &gt;&gt; AI is warm-blooded and there's this within that warm-bloodedness is the fact within that warm-bloodedness is the fact   within that warm-bloodedness is the fact that you can actually sometimes that you can actually sometimes   that you can actually sometimes sometimes AI will tell you things you're sometimes AI will tell you things you're   sometimes AI will tell you things you're like wow I didn't catch that like I like wow I didn't catch that like I   like wow I didn't catch that like I would not have considered this signal to would not have considered this signal to   would not have considered this signal to be like I didn't consider that the fact be like I didn't consider that the fact   be like I didn't consider that the fact that we're not responding thing in 30 that we're not responding thing in 30   that we're not responding thing in 30 minutes to our clients to be a churn minutes to our clients to be a churn   minutes to our clients to be a churn risk, but but the AI is and maybe that's risk, but but the AI is and maybe that's   risk, but but the AI is and maybe that's actually a good thing to to flag, right? actually a good thing to to flag, right?   actually a good thing to to flag, right? And so I think that there's there's And so I think that there's there's   And so I think that there's there's value in that. And so like Alex said, I value in that. And so like Alex said, I   value in that. And so like Alex said, I think testing more guidance, less think testing more guidance, less   think testing more guidance, less guidance, different types of guidance, guidance, different types of guidance,   guidance, different types of guidance, different types of conservatism within different types of conservatism within   different types of conservatism within that guidance um I think is is is a part that guidance um I think is is is a part   that guidance um I think is is is a part of the process. of the process.   of the process. &gt;&gt; Yep. Absolutely. So I want to bring this &gt;&gt; Yep. Absolutely. So I want to bring this   &gt;&gt; Yep. Absolutely. So I want to bring this to like the final uh part of the step. to like the final uh part of the step.   to like the final uh part of the step. So you saw the last output which was So you saw the last output which was   So you saw the last output which was basically that is the customer health basically that is the customer health   basically that is the customer health report uh that organized clients by report uh that organized clients by   report uh that organized clients by churn risk based on what it deems to be churn risk based on what it deems to be   churn risk based on what it deems to be different risk factors of not enough um different risk factors of not enough um   different risk factors of not enough um not enough kind of like product being not enough kind of like product being   not enough kind of like product being pushed based on our linear board. Uh not pushed based on our linear board. Uh not   pushed based on our linear board. Uh not enough interaction or fast enough enough interaction or fast enough   enough interaction or fast enough interaction based on Slack. Uh any interaction based on Slack. Uh any   interaction based on Slack. Uh any negative signals or positive signals in negative signals or positive signals in   negative signals or positive signals in our notion meeting transcripts. The our notion meeting transcripts. The   our notion meeting transcripts. The final piece of this and let me just pull final piece of this and let me just pull   final piece of this and let me just pull up the slide again is so so we've had up the slide again is so so we've had   up the slide again is so so we've had two bites of the elephant. The third two bites of the elephant. The third   two bites of the elephant. The third bite uh which is like what Austin or bite uh which is like what Austin or   bite uh which is like what Austin or what Arman and I would ask ourselves is what Arman and I would ask ourselves is   what Arman and I would ask ourselves is like okay like okay   like okay you we we have a sense of are we you we we have a sense of are we   you we we have a sense of are we shipping software like we promised by shipping software like we promised by   shipping software like we promised by having this integration between linear having this integration between linear   having this integration between linear and claude and and asking the data and claude and and asking the data   and claude and and asking the data questions that helped us understand like questions that helped us understand like   questions that helped us understand like oh there's a backlog of PRs for review oh there's a backlog of PRs for review   oh there's a backlog of PRs for review that a client hasn't reviewed great that that a client hasn't reviewed great that   that a client hasn't reviewed great that leads us to a conversation then we were leads us to a conversation then we were   leads us to a conversation then we were like we want a higher fidelity and like we want a higher fidelity and   like we want a higher fidelity and proactive AI so this job runs on a proactive AI so this job runs on a   proactive AI so this job runs on a weekly basis on Mondays. Um, and it weekly basis on Mondays. Um, and it   weekly basis on Mondays. Um, and it ingests information from four different ingests information from four different   ingests information from four different sources and works it together in a sources and works it together in a   sources and works it together in a report which you saw what the final report which you saw what the final   report which you saw what the final report looks like. And to someone's report looks like. And to someone's   report looks like. And to someone's question, you can always improve the question, you can always improve the   question, you can always improve the inputs of what is high, middle, or low inputs of what is high, middle, or low   inputs of what is high, middle, or low churn risk based on you getting churn risk based on you getting   churn risk based on you getting information in the business and feeding information in the business and feeding   information in the business and feeding those insights back into the those insights back into the   those insights back into the instructions for the agent. The final is instructions for the agent. The final is   instructions for the agent. The final is take action. So don't just give me take action. So don't just give me   take action. So don't just give me insights, but take action on those insights, but take action on those   insights, but take action on those insights. And so I'll just quickly show insights. And so I'll just quickly show   insights. And so I'll just quickly show what what   what &gt;&gt; where did you get these photos? &gt;&gt; where did you get these photos?   &gt;&gt; where did you get these photos? &gt;&gt; Um I looked up open mouth on Google. I &gt;&gt; Um I looked up open mouth on Google. I   &gt;&gt; Um I looked up open mouth on Google. I asked myself what would make people asked myself what would make people   asked myself what would make people smile in their office chair and what smile in their office chair and what   smile in their office chair and what relates back to taking one bite of a t relates back to taking one bite of a t   relates back to taking one bite of a t at a time of the elephant. at a time of the elephant.   at a time of the elephant. &gt;&gt; Love [laughter] it. &gt;&gt; Love [laughter] it.   &gt;&gt; Love [laughter] it. &gt;&gt; Yep. Yeah. My brain is crazy. Um so then &gt;&gt; Yep. Yeah. My brain is crazy. Um so then   &gt;&gt; Yep. Yeah. My brain is crazy. Um so then the final piece here is active AI. And the final piece here is active AI. And   the final piece here is active AI. And so what we wanted to do is we had this so what we wanted to do is we had this   so what we wanted to do is we had this report. This report tells us what are report. This report tells us what are   report. This report tells us what are the action items that we want the AI to the action items that we want the AI to   the action items that we want the AI to take. Well, how can it help us with take. Well, how can it help us with   take. Well, how can it help us with those action items? And so, just to those action items? And so, just to   those action items? And so, just to quickly share my screen again, let me uh quickly share my screen again, let me uh   quickly share my screen again, let me uh go back to go back to   go back to Zapier, Zapier,   Zapier, please hold please hold   please hold um um   um where is it? Um,       as Okay, pulling that up. Um, if anyone as Okay, pulling that up. Um, if anyone   as Okay, pulling that up. Um, if anyone has questions, please continue to put has questions, please continue to put   has questions, please continue to put them into the chat. Uh, it's it's really them into the chat. Uh, it's it's really   them into the chat. Uh, it's it's really helpful for us to guide the conversation helpful for us to guide the conversation   helpful for us to guide the conversation in the way that in the way that you all in the way that in the way that you all   in the way that in the way that you all want and um to to make sure this is want and um to to make sure this is   want and um to to make sure this is super useful for everybody. super useful for everybody.   super useful for everybody. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, what I'm going to do is I'm &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, what I'm going to do is I'm   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, what I'm going to do is I'm actually just going to show you the actually just going to show you the   actually just going to show you the build of this uh in Zapier so that you build of this uh in Zapier so that you   build of this uh in Zapier so that you can uh you can do this yourself. So, let can uh you can do this yourself. So, let   can uh you can do this yourself. So, let me just share my screen of Zapier and me just share my screen of Zapier and   me just share my screen of Zapier and we're going to we're going to   we're going to do this. So basically the way I wanted do this. So basically the way I wanted   do this. So basically the way I wanted to set this up is every time the weekly to set this up is every time the weekly   to set this up is every time the weekly sentiment report runs. So every time sentiment report runs. So every time   sentiment report runs. So every time just again using this this report runs just again using this this report runs   just again using this this report runs that was created from that uh zap year that was created from that uh zap year   that was created from that uh zap year agent that we built that in in uh agent that we built that in in uh   agent that we built that in in uh ingests all the information uh creates a ingests all the information uh creates a   ingests all the information uh creates a breakdown etc. I want us to get drafts breakdown etc. I want us to get drafts   breakdown etc. I want us to get drafts of emails that our customer success of emails that our customer success   of emails that our customer success people can send to clients based on the people can send to clients based on the   people can send to clients based on the action items that it's detailed. So I'm action items that it's detailed. So I'm   action items that it's detailed. So I'm I'm going to show basically what the I'm going to show basically what the   I'm going to show basically what the what the end instructions it created are what the end instructions it created are   what the end instructions it created are for the agent, but I actually want us to for the agent, but I actually want us to   for the agent, but I actually want us to just go through the flow quickly just go through the flow quickly   just go through the flow quickly together. So basically it created together. So basically it created   together. So basically it created instructions of when the weekly customer instructions of when the weekly customer   instructions of when the weekly customer sentiment insight agent completes its sentiment insight agent completes its   sentiment insight agent completes its analysis, retrieve the generated action analysis, retrieve the generated action   analysis, retrieve the generated action items and recommendations from its items and recommendations from its   items and recommendations from its output. Call the weekly customer output. Call the weekly customer   output. Call the weekly customer sentiment insights agent to get the la sentiment insights agent to get the la   sentiment insights agent to get the la the latest customer sentiment data and the latest customer sentiment data and   the latest customer sentiment data and action items. Parse through the action action items. Parse through the action   action items. Parse through the action items and recommendations provided by items and recommendations provided by   items and recommendations provided by the analysis. For each action item, the analysis. For each action item,   the analysis. For each action item, create a personalized email draft that create a personalized email draft that   create a personalized email draft that account managers can send to clients. It account managers can send to clients. It   account managers can send to clients. It creates the draft in Gmail. Structure creates the draft in Gmail. Structure   creates the draft in Gmail. Structure each email draft to include professional each email draft to include professional   each email draft to include professional subject line, personalized greeting, subject line, personalized greeting,   subject line, personalized greeting, context about the sentiment insight that context about the sentiment insight that   context about the sentiment insight that trigger triggered the recommendation, trigger triggered the recommendation,   trigger triggered the recommendation, specific action or solution being specific action or solution being   specific action or solution being proposed, a clear call to action for proposed, a clear call to action for   proposed, a clear call to action for next steps, professional closing, and next steps, professional closing, and   next steps, professional closing, and then uh save all email drafts in a then uh save all email drafts in a   then uh save all email drafts in a format that account managers can easily format that account managers can easily   format that account managers can easily access and customize before sending. The access and customize before sending. The   access and customize before sending. The final goal is transform customer final goal is transform customer   final goal is transform customer sentment insights into actionable ready sentment insights into actionable ready   sentment insights into actionable ready to send email drafts that account to send email drafts that account   to send email drafts that account managers can use to proactively address managers can use to proactively address   managers can use to proactively address client needs and improve customer client needs and improve customer   client needs and improve customer relationships. And so very simply how I relationships. And so very simply how I   relationships. And so very simply how I created this is I basically said here um created this is I basically said here um   created this is I basically said here um I have a weekly what what is it called? I have a weekly what what is it called?   I have a weekly what what is it called? Weekly customer sentiment insights agent Weekly customer sentiment insights agent   Weekly customer sentiment insights agent on Zapier. I want you to um every time on Zapier. I want you to um every time   on Zapier. I want you to um every time that agent runs, I want a new agent to that agent runs, I want a new agent to   that agent runs, I want a new agent to draft emails draft emails   draft emails that um directly that um directly   that um directly um relate to the action items that you um relate to the action items that you   um relate to the action items that you called out in the report. And I want called out in the report. And I want   called out in the report. And I want these drafts to be actionable, these drafts to be actionable,   these drafts to be actionable, thoughtful, thoughtful,   thoughtful, and specific slashcustomized so that a and specific slashcustomized so that a   and specific slashcustomized so that a technical strategist at my company can technical strategist at my company can   technical strategist at my company can send it off to the customer with minimal send it off to the customer with minimal   send it off to the customer with minimal edits. And then you start building. And edits. And then you start building. And   edits. And then you start building. And what's nice about these um what's nice about these um   what's nice about these um these tools like Zapier um or Lindy or these tools like Zapier um or Lindy or   these tools like Zapier um or Lindy or NAND or Gumloop now is they have these NAND or Gumloop now is they have these   NAND or Gumloop now is they have these agent builders. So it's basically like agent builders. So it's basically like   agent builders. So it's basically like you're in a chatgpt or claudeesque you're in a chatgpt or claudeesque   you're in a chatgpt or claudeesque experience but it is specified to their experience but it is specified to their   experience but it is specified to their platform. So it's actually calling platform. So it's actually calling   platform. So it's actually calling tools. And so what it basically did is tools. And so what it basically did is   tools. And so what it basically did is it built the instructions here and then it built the instructions here and then   it built the instructions here and then it's going to ultimately put the tools it's going to ultimately put the tools   it's going to ultimately put the tools that it needs access to in the that it needs access to in the   that it needs access to in the instructions. And those tools are going instructions. And those tools are going   instructions. And those tools are going to be it needs access to Gmail. So it's to be it needs access to Gmail. So it's   to be it needs access to Gmail. So it's going to ask me for access to Gmail. It going to ask me for access to Gmail. It   going to ask me for access to Gmail. It also is going to ask for access to the also is going to ask for access to the   also is going to ask for access to the weekly sentiment insights report. So the weekly sentiment insights report. So the   weekly sentiment insights report. So the other agent that I created in Zapier other agent that I created in Zapier   other agent that I created in Zapier because that's where it's going to because that's where it's going to   because that's where it's going to ingest context from to draft these ingest context from to draft these   ingest context from to draft these emails. And it will set up as you can emails. And it will set up as you can   emails. And it will set up as you can see it's setting up a web hook which is see it's setting up a web hook which is   see it's setting up a web hook which is basically it is creating a trigger where basically it is creating a trigger where   basically it is creating a trigger where when the weekly sentiment insights agent when the weekly sentiment insights agent   when the weekly sentiment insights agent fires off it is going to trigger this fires off it is going to trigger this   fires off it is going to trigger this agent. So as you can see the tools this agent. So as you can see the tools this   agent. So as you can see the tools this agent can use are the sentiment uh agent can use are the sentiment uh   agent can use are the sentiment uh sentiment driven email drafts when the sentiment driven email drafts when the   sentiment driven email drafts when the weekly customer sentiment sentiment weekly customer sentiment sentiment   weekly customer sentiment sentiment insights agent completes its analysis insights agent completes its analysis   insights agent completes its analysis and generate a report automate and generate a report automate   and generate a report automate automatically trigger this workflow. So automatically trigger this workflow. So   automatically trigger this workflow. So basically this start starts when the basically this start starts when the   basically this start starts when the other agent finishes and then it other agent finishes and then it   other agent finishes and then it delivers emails as drafts in our inbox delivers emails as drafts in our inbox   delivers emails as drafts in our inbox related to those action items. Any related to those action items. Any   related to those action items. Any questions on this?       We were just getting advice to use YAP We were just getting advice to use YAP   We were just getting advice to use YAP to text. to text.   to text. &gt;&gt; Yep, we we agree. We actually took a &gt;&gt; Yep, we we agree. We actually took a   &gt;&gt; Yep, we we agree. We actually took a poll of the team on uh under underhyped poll of the team on uh under underhyped   poll of the team on uh under underhyped and overhyped things in AI right now. and overhyped things in AI right now.   and overhyped things in AI right now. And one of our team members said that And one of our team members said that   And one of our team members said that Yap to text is very underhyped. Um, and Yap to text is very underhyped. Um, and   Yap to text is very underhyped. Um, and even uh Ryan Carson uh who we had on a a even uh Ryan Carson uh who we had on a a   even uh Ryan Carson uh who we had on a a previous episode of Human in the Loop, previous episode of Human in the Loop,   previous episode of Human in the Loop, uh he basically yapped to text uh he basically yapped to text   uh he basically yapped to text everything as an engineer. Um which I everything as an engineer. Um which I   everything as an engineer. Um which I agree with all this, but I would say in agree with all this, but I would say in   agree with all this, but I would say in an office environment that we're in, it an office environment that we're in, it   an office environment that we're in, it would be pure chaos if everyone was would be pure chaos if everyone was   would be pure chaos if everyone was yapping to text. yapping to text.   yapping to text. Um Daniel Ree, do your clients have KPIs Um Daniel Ree, do your clients have KPIs   Um Daniel Ree, do your clients have KPIs for AI use? What metrics are they for AI use? What metrics are they   for AI use? What metrics are they looking at to judge or evaluate success? looking at to judge or evaluate success?   looking at to judge or evaluate success? Arman, any thoughts here? Yeah, I mean I Arman, any thoughts here? Yeah, I mean I   Arman, any thoughts here? Yeah, I mean I think that like there think that like there   think that like there business is business, right? Like when a business is business, right? Like when a   business is business, right? Like when a successful business makes more money successful business makes more money   successful business makes more money than it spends very simply. Um people than it spends very simply. Um people   than it spends very simply. Um people want to be happy. People want to work want to be happy. People want to work   want to be happy. People want to work less and make more money. Like there are less and make more money. Like there are   less and make more money. Like there are facts of nature that will always be the facts of nature that will always be the   facts of nature that will always be the case. And I don't think that AI changes case. And I don't think that AI changes   case. And I don't think that AI changes that. And so I think that companies that. And so I think that companies   that. And so I think that companies still have their own success metrics still have their own success metrics   still have their own success metrics that they've historically had. And that they've historically had. And   that they've historically had. And whether you use EOS or um OKRs or whether you use EOS or um OKRs or   whether you use EOS or um OKRs or whatever, like a company has their whatever, like a company has their   whatever, like a company has their goals. We if we're successful as 10X in goals. We if we're successful as 10X in   goals. We if we're successful as 10X in in helping companies adopt AI, but also in helping companies adopt AI, but also   in helping companies adopt AI, but also other people and their own companies other people and their own companies   other people and their own companies when they're trying to adopt AI, they when they're trying to adopt AI, they   when they're trying to adopt AI, they will know when they're successful will know when they're successful   will know when they're successful because that initiative will drive the because that initiative will drive the   because that initiative will drive the company closer to the goals. company closer to the goals.   company closer to the goals. &gt;&gt; And they'll know they're not successful &gt;&gt; And they'll know they're not successful   &gt;&gt; And they'll know they're not successful &gt;&gt; if they're just like saying the word AI &gt;&gt; if they're just like saying the word AI   &gt;&gt; if they're just like saying the word AI a lot and and it doesn't impact the a lot and and it doesn't impact the   a lot and and it doesn't impact the goals. goals.   goals. Um, two quick things. One is I want to Um, two quick things. One is I want to   Um, two quick things. One is I want to answer Cat's question and then Arman, answer Cat's question and then Arman,   answer Cat's question and then Arman, something for you to think about as I something for you to think about as I   something for you to think about as I answer it is if I was giving you this answer it is if I was giving you this   answer it is if I was giving you this prompt, if I gave you this prompt to prompt, if I gave you this prompt to   prompt, if I gave you this prompt to like build a customer health and like build a customer health and   like build a customer health and happiness happiness   happiness monitor for the business, monitor for the business,   monitor for the business, how would you go about doing it roughly how would you go about doing it roughly   how would you go about doing it roughly speaking given you're an engineer and speaking given you're an engineer and   speaking given you're an engineer and you know how to do this technically? you know how to do this technically?   you know how to do this technically? What would be like how would you think What would be like how would you think   What would be like how would you think about building this and would it be about building this and would it be   about building this and would it be different from how I thought about different from how I thought about   different from how I thought about setting this up? So, just something to setting this up? So, just something to   setting this up? So, just something to think about. Kat, to your question, why think about. Kat, to your question, why   think about. Kat, to your question, why wouldn't you want to create one agent to wouldn't you want to create one agent to   wouldn't you want to create one agent to create the report and email it? Is it create the report and email it? Is it   create the report and email it? Is it just to try and keep workflows as simple just to try and keep workflows as simple   just to try and keep workflows as simple as possible? The answer here is in as possible? The answer here is in   as possible? The answer here is in Zapier when you chat with the agent. So Zapier when you chat with the agent. So   Zapier when you chat with the agent. So like when I chat with the agent here, like when I chat with the agent here,   like when I chat with the agent here, just to give you a quick example, um just to give you a quick example, um   just to give you a quick example, um let's just share my screen one more time let's just share my screen one more time   let's just share my screen one more time quickly. Uh here. So when you chat with quickly. Uh here. So when you chat with   quickly. Uh here. So when you chat with the agent, you can the a when you chat the agent, you can the a when you chat   the agent, you can the a when you chat with the agent, you can make changes and with the agent, you can make changes and   with the agent, you can make changes and when it makes changes, it makes changes when it makes changes, it makes changes   when it makes changes, it makes changes to the entire instruction uh of of that to the entire instruction uh of of that   to the entire instruction uh of of that agent. So like it changes the system agent. So like it changes the system   agent. So like it changes the system prompt for that agent. And so my whole prompt for that agent. And so my whole   prompt for that agent. And so my whole &gt;&gt; just to sorry just to jump in like this &gt;&gt; just to sorry just to jump in like this   &gt;&gt; just to sorry just to jump in like this agent that you're chatting with is an agent that you're chatting with is an   agent that you're chatting with is an agent building agent, right? agent building agent, right?   agent building agent, right? &gt;&gt; Correct. Exactly. So this is like Zapier &gt;&gt; Correct. Exactly. So this is like Zapier   &gt;&gt; Correct. Exactly. So this is like Zapier basically like historically with Zapier. basically like historically with Zapier.   basically like historically with Zapier. Zapier, you can go in, you can like Zapier, you can go in, you can like   Zapier, you can go in, you can like click click click to build these click click click to build these   click click click to build these workflows, but then they introduce their workflows, but then they introduce their   workflows, but then they introduce their own Zapier agent that allows you to own Zapier agent that allows you to   own Zapier agent that allows you to build and edit the workflows. And so build and edit the workflows. And so   build and edit the workflows. And so that's the one that that Alex is is that's the one that that Alex is is   that's the one that that Alex is is messing around with right now. messing around with right now.   messing around with right now. &gt;&gt; Exactly. And my I don't know if I'm &gt;&gt; Exactly. And my I don't know if I'm   &gt;&gt; Exactly. And my I don't know if I'm doing this sublim subliminally because doing this sublim subliminally because   doing this sublim subliminally because Arman has always thought about doing Arman has always thought about doing   Arman has always thought about doing this like with chats in whether it's in this like with chats in whether it's in   this like with chats in whether it's in different terminals with cloud code or different terminals with cloud code or   different terminals with cloud code or different chats with GPT but it's like different chats with GPT but it's like   different chats with GPT but it's like whenever I'm working on uh a net new whenever I'm working on uh a net new   whenever I'm working on uh a net new thing I don't want to pollute the thing I don't want to pollute the   thing I don't want to pollute the previous thing that I've worked on. And previous thing that I've worked on. And   previous thing that I've worked on. And so my fear is is if I worked on this so my fear is is if I worked on this   so my fear is is if I worked on this email generator within the the weekly email generator within the the weekly   email generator within the the weekly customer sentiment insights one and I customer sentiment insights one and I   customer sentiment insights one and I asked the agent building agent to make a asked the agent building agent to make a   asked the agent building agent to make a change. My fear is is it makes a change change. My fear is is it makes a change   change. My fear is is it makes a change to the initial agent that not only to the initial agent that not only   to the initial agent that not only screws up the email generator but it screws up the email generator but it   screws up the email generator but it also screws up the the report generator. also screws up the the report generator.   also screws up the the report generator. And so now I have nothing that works And so now I have nothing that works   And so now I have nothing that works versus containing kind of the poison to versus containing kind of the poison to   versus containing kind of the poison to this second flow. this second flow.   this second flow. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah.   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, so to answer your question, like Um, so to answer your question, like   Um, so to answer your question, like let's say I was to build this from let's say I was to build this from   let's say I was to build this from scratch. If I'm being super honest, I scratch. If I'm being super honest, I   scratch. If I'm being super honest, I would just use something like Zapier, would just use something like Zapier,   would just use something like Zapier, right? Um, and earlier we had a question right? Um, and earlier we had a question   right? Um, and earlier we had a question about like why Zapier and there's about like why Zapier and there's   about like why Zapier and there's Zapier, there's NAN, there's make, Zapier, there's NAN, there's make,   Zapier, there's NAN, there's make, there's all these different things. Um, there's all these different things. Um,   there's all these different things. Um, currently currently   currently my read is that Zapier is the most my read is that Zapier is the most   my read is that Zapier is the most robust. Uh, it has it's just been around robust. Uh, it has it's just been around   robust. Uh, it has it's just been around for way longer. So the connections are for way longer. So the connections are   for way longer. So the connections are great. Um, they their team is building great. Um, they their team is building   great. Um, they their team is building with AI first in mind. like I just we've with AI first in mind. like I just we've   with AI first in mind. like I just we've just used all the products and we and we just used all the products and we and we   just used all the products and we and we like it the best. We think it's the most like it the best. We think it's the most   like it the best. We think it's the most robust um for this use case. This is robust um for this use case. This is   robust um for this use case. This is what I would do. What we're thinking what I would do. What we're thinking   what I would do. What we're thinking about internally and again these are about internally and again these are   about internally and again these are real use cases like Alex and I on Monday real use cases like Alex and I on Monday   real use cases like Alex and I on Monday will get that message in Slack. Like will get that message in Slack. Like   will get that message in Slack. Like this is actually what we use internally. this is actually what we use internally.   this is actually what we use internally. if I but we're also thinking about like if I but we're also thinking about like   if I but we're also thinking about like what does it look like to build an what does it look like to build an   what does it look like to build an internal operating system for 10x that internal operating system for 10x that   internal operating system for 10x that not only surfaces these insights but not only surfaces these insights but   not only surfaces these insights but even more right and so I think if we even more right and so I think if we   even more right and so I think if we were to make it more robust what you were to make it more robust what you   were to make it more robust what you would do is you would think about it the would do is you would think about it the   would do is you would think about it the same exact way that you do that you did same exact way that you do that you did   same exact way that you do that you did right where it's like what is all the right where it's like what is all the   right where it's like what is all the data what are all the different triggers data what are all the different triggers   data what are all the different triggers what like what is the information that what like what is the information that   what like what is the information that we need and then what do you want to do we need and then what do you want to do   we need and then what do you want to do with it well you want to be able to talk with it well you want to be able to talk   with it well you want to be able to talk to it you want to be able to ask to it you want to be able to ask   to it you want to be able to ask questions and you want to be able to get questions and you want to be able to get   questions and you want to be able to get some insight ites and those insights are some insight ites and those insights are   some insight ites and those insights are going to pull from certain data and going to pull from certain data and   going to pull from certain data and they're going to be structured in a they're going to be structured in a   they're going to be structured in a certain way. And and so it would certain way. And and so it would   certain way. And and so it would literally be structured the same exact literally be structured the same exact   literally be structured the same exact way. We would think about it the same way. We would think about it the same   way. We would think about it the same exact way. What what custom building exact way. What what custom building   exact way. What what custom building would give you is just a little bit more would give you is just a little bit more   would give you is just a little bit more or a lot of bit more customization, but or a lot of bit more customization, but   or a lot of bit more customization, but it's also going to it also comes with it's also going to it also comes with   it's also going to it also comes with some negatives, right? or you need to um some negatives, right? or you need to um   some negatives, right? or you need to um it's just a lot more work up front, you it's just a lot more work up front, you   it's just a lot more work up front, you know, honestly to know, honestly to   know, honestly to &gt;&gt; and there and there's maintenance you &gt;&gt; and there and there's maintenance you   &gt;&gt; and there and there's maintenance you have to do like Zapier like they are have to do like Zapier like they are   have to do like Zapier like they are doing all the maintenance on the back doing all the maintenance on the back   doing all the maintenance on the back end. So yeah, there's a ton of end. So yeah, there's a ton of   end. So yeah, there's a ton of trade-offs. The the last question trade-offs. The the last question   trade-offs. The the last question because I know we're at time is just to because I know we're at time is just to   because I know we're at time is just to answer Mark your question, can you show answer Mark your question, can you show   answer Mark your question, can you show us the production zap that you made and us the production zap that you made and   us the production zap that you made and walk us through the actions? Um yes, the walk us through the actions? Um yes, the   walk us through the actions? Um yes, the the cool thing about Zapier is after you the cool thing about Zapier is after you   the cool thing about Zapier is after you build an agent or an automation uh you build an agent or an automation uh you   build an agent or an automation uh you can actually share it uh for people to can actually share it uh for people to   can actually share it uh for people to like just customize on top of. So when like just customize on top of. So when   like just customize on top of. So when we send the um the postrecording email, we send the um the postrecording email,   we send the um the postrecording email, we'll include links to both the report we'll include links to both the report   we'll include links to both the report generator and to the email generator generator and to the email generator   generator and to the email generator that connects to the report so that you that connects to the report so that you   that connects to the report so that you can again it's going to take some can again it's going to take some   can again it's going to take some finagling to connect the right data finagling to connect the right data   finagling to connect the right data sources for you and your customers, but sources for you and your customers, but   sources for you and your customers, but it's at least probably 75% of the work it's at least probably 75% of the work   it's at least probably 75% of the work is there for you to build on top of. is there for you to build on top of.   is there for you to build on top of. Sweet. Um I think that is it. I want to Sweet. Um I think that is it. I want to   Sweet. Um I think that is it. I want to be respectful of everyone's time. Thank be respectful of everyone's time. Thank   be respectful of everyone's time. Thank you all as always for joining uh the you all as always for joining uh the   you all as always for joining uh the show and we will catch you next week on show and we will catch you next week on   show and we will catch you next week on Human in the Loop. And feel free to Human in the Loop. And feel free to   Human in the Loop. And feel free to email us if you have any questions at email us if you have any questions at   email us if you have any questions at all. Alex alex10x.co. Arman 10x.co. all. Alex alex10x.co. Arman 10x.co.   all. Alex alex10x.co. Arman 10x.co. Thanks everyone. Have a good night. Thanks everyone. Have a good night.   Thanks everyone. Have a good night. &gt;&gt; Thanks everybody. Fight.