Uh, I'm super excited to have Flo, the Uh, I'm super excited to have Flo, the   Uh, I'm super excited to have Flo, the CEO of Lindy. The way I think about CEO of Lindy. The way I think about   CEO of Lindy. The way I think about Lindy is Zapier for AAI. I know that's Lindy is Zapier for AAI. I know that's   Lindy is Zapier for AAI. I know that's how you've referred to it in the past. I how you've referred to it in the past. I   how you've referred to it in the past. I don't know if you have a different way don't know if you have a different way   don't know if you have a different way of referring to the business now. How of referring to the business now. How   of referring to the business now. How how would you describe Lindy in your own how would you describe Lindy in your own   how would you describe Lindy in your own words? words?   words? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I I go back and forth between &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I I go back and forth between   &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I I go back and forth between Zapier for AI and like it's just like Zapier for AI and like it's just like   Zapier for AI and like it's just like TGPT except it does stuff like it uses a TGPT except it does stuff like it uses a   TGPT except it does stuff like it uses a computer, it uses Gmail, it uses your computer, it uses Gmail, it uses your   computer, it uses Gmail, it uses your accounts and you can configure it in a accounts and you can configure it in a   accounts and you can configure it in a very very advanced fashion to automate very very advanced fashion to automate   very very advanced fashion to automate very complex workflows for you. very complex workflows for you.   very complex workflows for you. &gt;&gt; Yep. Love it. So, uh I think you'd agree &gt;&gt; Yep. Love it. So, uh I think you'd agree   &gt;&gt; Yep. Love it. So, uh I think you'd agree like the best way to just understand and like the best way to just understand and   like the best way to just understand and the topic of today is just how to how to the topic of today is just how to how to   the topic of today is just how to how to build AI agents, how to make them more build AI agents, how to make them more   build AI agents, how to make them more approachable because I think kind of the approachable because I think kind of the   approachable because I think kind of the classic way that people experience AI classic way that people experience AI   classic way that people experience AI agents in the world right now is they're agents in the world right now is they're   agents in the world right now is they're scrolling through Twitter or they're scrolling through Twitter or they're   scrolling through Twitter or they're scrolling through scrolling through scrolling through scrolling through   scrolling through scrolling through LinkedIn and they see someone built some LinkedIn and they see someone built some   LinkedIn and they see someone built some wildly complex NAD workflow. They save wildly complex NAD workflow. They save   wildly complex NAD workflow. They save that video being like, "Oh I want that video being like, "Oh I want   that video being like, "Oh I want to do this myself." they never revisit to do this myself." they never revisit   to do this myself." they never revisit the w uh the video and that is their the w uh the video and that is their   the w uh the video and that is their experience with AI agents and so my hope experience with AI agents and so my hope   experience with AI agents and so my hope for today is that people can realize for today is that people can realize   for today is that people can realize that e whether it's simple uh agents that e whether it's simple uh agents   that e whether it's simple uh agents whether it's more complex agents um it whether it's more complex agents um it   whether it's more complex agents um it is it is not as daunting as one thinks is it is not as daunting as one thinks   is it is not as daunting as one thinks they are really powerful it's also not they are really powerful it's also not   they are really powerful it's also not magic yet like we have to be realistic magic yet like we have to be realistic   magic yet like we have to be realistic about what these things can do and I about what these things can do and I   about what these things can do and I think the best way to do it is just have think the best way to do it is just have   think the best way to do it is just have you kind of take me through what that you kind of take me through what that   you kind of take me through what that looks like within Lindy sound like a looks like within Lindy sound like a   looks like within Lindy sound like a plan plan   plan &gt;&gt; yeah 100% I'm a big fan of of show don't &gt;&gt; yeah 100% I'm a big fan of of show don't   &gt;&gt; yeah 100% I'm a big fan of of show don't tell. Um and and I also agree with you tell. Um and and I also agree with you   tell. Um and and I also agree with you that I think AI agents have been really that I think AI agents have been really   that I think AI agents have been really complex to use and deploy over the last complex to use and deploy over the last   complex to use and deploy over the last few years and and frankly they've not few years and and frankly they've not   few years and and frankly they've not worked super well. And there has been a worked super well. And there has been a   worked super well. And there has been a lot of like hterism. lot of like hterism.   lot of like hterism. &gt;&gt; There's been a lot of out there &gt;&gt; There's been a lot of out there   &gt;&gt; There's been a lot of out there and hype and and a lot of people making and hype and and a lot of people making   and hype and and a lot of people making a lot of promises that are not always a lot of promises that are not always   a lot of promises that are not always able to fulfill. And so that's one thing able to fulfill. And so that's one thing   able to fulfill. And so that's one thing I'm I'm going to be careful not to do. I'm I'm going to be careful not to do.   I'm I'm going to be careful not to do. Like I'm very real about the limits of Like I'm very real about the limits of   Like I'm very real about the limits of the product. I'm going to be like look the product. I'm going to be like look   the product. I'm going to be like look this is going to be sort of going sort this is going to be sort of going sort   this is going to be sort of going sort of rough. But the reality of it is like of rough. But the reality of it is like   of rough. But the reality of it is like I think over the last literally two or I think over the last literally two or   I think over the last literally two or three months I think we've really made three months I think we've really made   three months I think we've really made that leap. I think we've reached that that leap. I think we've reached that   that leap. I think we've reached that tipping point of like what I call the tipping point of like what I call the   tipping point of like what I call the Macintosh of AI agents. Like we are no Macintosh of AI agents. Like we are no   Macintosh of AI agents. Like we are no longer in the command line interface era longer in the command line interface era   longer in the command line interface era of like you've got to be an engineer. of like you've got to be an engineer.   of like you've got to be an engineer. It's like it's really hard and all that It's like it's really hard and all that   It's like it's really hard and all that stuff. It's like no like it's really a stuff. It's like no like it's really a   stuff. It's like no like it's really a thing. It's like a PC on everyone's thing. It's like a PC on everyone's   thing. It's like a PC on everyone's desk. It's really a thing that you can desk. It's really a thing that you can   desk. It's really a thing that you can leverage now and in a matter of leverage now and in a matter of   leverage now and in a matter of literally minutes create pretty advanced literally minutes create pretty advanced   literally minutes create pretty advanced agents that like solve real problems for agents that like solve real problems for   agents that like solve real problems for you. you.   you. &gt;&gt; Amazing. So, do you want to just hop &gt;&gt; Amazing. So, do you want to just hop   &gt;&gt; Amazing. So, do you want to just hop right into it and we'll start going right into it and we'll start going   right into it and we'll start going through the workflows? through the workflows?   through the workflows? &gt;&gt; Let's do it. Let me share my screen. Um, &gt;&gt; Let's do it. Let me share my screen. Um,   &gt;&gt; Let's do it. Let me share my screen. Um, perfect. It's actually I'm really Go perfect. It's actually I'm really Go   perfect. It's actually I'm really Go ahead. ahead.   ahead. &gt;&gt; I was going to say as Flo shares a &gt;&gt; I was going to say as Flo shares a   &gt;&gt; I was going to say as Flo shares a screen. Uh, everyone who's here and the screen. Uh, everyone who's here and the   screen. Uh, everyone who's here and the the I know it's growing. We have 61 the I know it's growing. We have 61   the I know it's growing. We have 61 people now. More will come in. Feel free people now. More will come in. Feel free   people now. More will come in. Feel free as you hear anything from Flo or as he's as you hear anything from Flo or as he's   as you hear anything from Flo or as he's going through these agents that he's going through these agents that he's   going through these agents that he's built, if you have any questions at all, built, if you have any questions at all,   built, if you have any questions at all, drop them in the chat. And then we have drop them in the chat. And then we have   drop them in the chat. And then we have a few uh folks from the community that a few uh folks from the community that   a few uh folks from the community that are moderating the chat and we'll kind are moderating the chat and we'll kind   are moderating the chat and we'll kind of flag to me questions and I'll ask a of flag to me questions and I'll ask a   of flag to me questions and I'll ask a few of those at the end uh for flow. few of those at the end uh for flow.   few of those at the end uh for flow. &gt;&gt; Sweet. &gt;&gt; Sweet.   &gt;&gt; Sweet. &gt;&gt; Great. Can you see this? &gt;&gt; Great. Can you see this?   &gt;&gt; Great. Can you see this? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep.   &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; I'll just start with like a literal like &gt;&gt; I'll just start with like a literal like   &gt;&gt; I'll just start with like a literal like Whoa, this is not supposed to be 10 Whoa, this is not supposed to be 10   Whoa, this is not supposed to be 10 seconds. Um but um I think I've got the seconds. Um but um I think I've got the   seconds. Um but um I think I've got the wrong one open. So this shows how easy wrong one open. So this shows how easy   wrong one open. So this shows how easy it is to create AI agents. I'm like I've it is to create AI agents. I'm like I've   it is to create AI agents. I'm like I've asked this. So we call it the agent asked this. So we call it the agent   asked this. So we call it the agent builder. So it's like an agent that builder. So it's like an agent that   builder. So it's like an agent that builds agents for you. It's actually builds agents for you. It's actually   builds agents for you. It's actually cool like under the hood it is a Lindy cool like under the hood it is a Lindy   cool like under the hood it is a Lindy like we built it literally on the like we built it literally on the   like we built it literally on the platform and so here I'm asking like hey platform and so here I'm asking like hey   platform and so here I'm asking like hey help me manage my personal CRM and it's help me manage my personal CRM and it's   help me manage my personal CRM and it's it's going it's asking me like some it's going it's asking me like some   it's going it's asking me like some clarifying questions and then it's like clarifying questions and then it's like   clarifying questions and then it's like is this what you want me to do and I'm is this what you want me to do and I'm   is this what you want me to do and I'm like sure and then in the end right here like sure and then in the end right here   like sure and then in the end right here it just created this agent it just created this agent   it just created this agent that's basically literally that's basically literally   that's basically literally &gt;&gt; talk about for a second that's such a &gt;&gt; talk about for a second that's such a   &gt;&gt; talk about for a second that's such a because this is a recent product that because this is a recent product that   because this is a recent product that you released at Lindy talk about why you released at Lindy talk about why   you released at Lindy talk about why that's such a big unlock and how that that's such a big unlock and how that   that's such a big unlock and how that looks different from before what you had looks different from before what you had   looks different from before what you had to do with agent building. to do with agent building.   to do with agent building. &gt;&gt; Yeah, totally. So, uh it used to be to &gt;&gt; Yeah, totally. So, uh it used to be to   &gt;&gt; Yeah, totally. So, uh it used to be to create this kind of agent. So, for create this kind of agent. So, for   create this kind of agent. So, for context, this is an agent that like you context, this is an agent that like you   context, this is an agent that like you can send his messages and you can ask it can send his messages and you can ask it   can send his messages and you can ask it to either remember a contact or retrieve to either remember a contact or retrieve   to either remember a contact or retrieve a contact. So, you can be like, hey, I a contact. So, you can be like, hey, I   a contact. So, you can be like, hey, I just met like Alex Liberman like he's just met like Alex Liberman like he's   just met like Alex Liberman like he's got a podcast, you know, and then later got a podcast, you know, and then later   got a podcast, you know, and then later on I can be like, can you tell me on I can be like, can you tell me   on I can be like, can you tell me everyone I know who's got podcasts? everyone I know who's got podcasts?   everyone I know who's got podcasts? Okay, so that's that's the idea. It used Okay, so that's that's the idea. It used   Okay, so that's that's the idea. It used to be, and this is the platform that to be, and this is the platform that   to be, and this is the platform that we've built over the last three years, we've built over the last three years,   we've built over the last three years, that in order to build this kind of that in order to build this kind of   that in order to build this kind of agent, what you had to do was basically agent, what you had to do was basically   agent, what you had to do was basically lay out this workflow yourself manually. lay out this workflow yourself manually.   lay out this workflow yourself manually. And it's not code, it's still no code, And it's not code, it's still no code,   And it's not code, it's still no code, but it's still going to require at least but it's still going to require at least   but it's still going to require at least something like an engineering mindset. something like an engineering mindset.   something like an engineering mindset. And you're going to have to learn to use And you're going to have to learn to use   And you're going to have to learn to use this platform. And and people are too this platform. And and people are too   this platform. And and people are too busy. They don't have time for that, busy. They don't have time for that,   busy. They don't have time for that, right? Like it's going to take you a right? Like it's going to take you a   right? Like it's going to take you a couple of hours to like learn how it couple of hours to like learn how it   couple of hours to like learn how it works. And and eventually it's really works. And and eventually it's really   works. And and eventually it's really powerful. you can create really powerful powerful. you can create really powerful   powerful. you can create really powerful agents, but no one's got time to learn. agents, but no one's got time to learn.   agents, but no one's got time to learn. Instead, now this is literally just our Instead, now this is literally just our   Instead, now this is literally just our vision is to build an AI employee like vision is to build an AI employee like   vision is to build an AI employee like you just talk to it and it just does you just talk to it and it just does   you just talk to it and it just does stuff and if it screws up, you can just stuff and if it screws up, you can just   stuff and if it screws up, you can just tell it not to screw up and give it tell it not to screw up and give it   tell it not to screw up and give it feedback and it's going to get better feedback and it's going to get better   feedback and it's going to get better and better. Um, that's what we have now and better. Um, that's what we have now   and better. Um, that's what we have now with agent builder. I'm just like with agent builder. I'm just like   with agent builder. I'm just like literally just help me manage my literally just help me manage my   literally just help me manage my personal CRM. It's like six words. personal CRM. It's like six words.   personal CRM. It's like six words. There's no technical knowledge required There's no technical knowledge required   There's no technical knowledge required here and it's just asking me some here and it's just asking me some   here and it's just asking me some questions. This is this what you want? questions. This is this what you want?   questions. This is this what you want? I'm like, yep. and then creates the I'm like, yep. and then creates the   I'm like, yep. and then creates the agent for me. Um, again, I'm always agent for me. Um, again, I'm always   agent for me. Um, again, I'm always careful to avoid the exteriorism. careful to avoid the exteriorism.   careful to avoid the exteriorism. Obviously, this is an a bridged video, Obviously, this is an a bridged video,   Obviously, this is an a bridged video, but in actuality doesn't last 10 but in actuality doesn't last 10   but in actuality doesn't last 10 seconds, but it takes a minute and a seconds, but it takes a minute and a   seconds, but it takes a minute and a half. half.   half. &gt;&gt; Um, it's I I love it, Alex. just before &gt;&gt; Um, it's I I love it, Alex. just before   &gt;&gt; Um, it's I I love it, Alex. just before this call like you sent me a list of this call like you sent me a list of   this call like you sent me a list of like use cases you have like actual use like use cases you have like actual use   like use cases you have like actual use cases and and one of them is um you cases and and one of them is um you   cases and and one of them is um you wanted an agent that uh takes your wanted an agent that uh takes your   wanted an agent that uh takes your YouTube interviews YouTube interviews   YouTube interviews &gt;&gt; and turns them into newsletters and then &gt;&gt; and turns them into newsletters and then   &gt;&gt; and turns them into newsletters and then sends you a social media post. I don't sends you a social media post. I don't   sends you a social media post. I don't know if this was like sensitive or know if this was like sensitive or   know if this was like sensitive or anything. Maybe I can't talk about it. anything. Maybe I can't talk about it.   anything. Maybe I can't talk about it. Um Um   Um &gt;&gt; yeah. No, no, no, no. This is all good. &gt;&gt; yeah. No, no, no, no. This is all good.   &gt;&gt; yeah. No, no, no, no. This is all good. So, you can see like the time like I So, you can see like the time like I   So, you can see like the time like I created this this morning at 9:30 a.m. created this this morning at 9:30 a.m.   created this this morning at 9:30 a.m. And by the way, I was going slower wheel And by the way, I was going slower wheel   And by the way, I was going slower wheel than usual because I was also like than usual because I was also like   than usual because I was also like chatting with the team on Slack and all chatting with the team on Slack and all   chatting with the team on Slack and all of that stuff. But look, it doesn't take of that stuff. But look, it doesn't take   of that stuff. But look, it doesn't take it's not rocket science. I'm literally it's not rocket science. I'm literally   it's not rocket science. I'm literally just saying it. I want an agent that just saying it. I want an agent that   just saying it. I want an agent that takes a list of YouTube links and loops takes a list of YouTube links and loops   takes a list of YouTube links and loops through each of them, transcribes the through each of them, transcribes the   through each of them, transcribes the link, turns it into a newsletter draft link, turns it into a newsletter draft   link, turns it into a newsletter draft on a new Google doc, and then writes a on a new Google doc, and then writes a   on a new Google doc, and then writes a LinkedIn post about it. That That's it. LinkedIn post about it. That That's it.   LinkedIn post about it. That That's it. Okay. And you can see I told it at 9:30 Okay. And you can see I told it at 9:30   Okay. And you can see I told it at 9:30 a.m. to do this. And I'm I'm going to a.m. to do this. And I'm I'm going to   a.m. to do this. And I'm I'm going to backtrack straight to the end and open backtrack straight to the end and open   backtrack straight to the end and open my Google Drive here. And uh right here my Google Drive here. And uh right here   my Google Drive here. And uh right here you can see the the the Google Docs that you can see the the the Google Docs that   you can see the the the Google Docs that it created. And you can see the time it created. And you can see the time   it created. And you can see the time 9:37 a.m. So between the moment I 9:37 a.m. So between the moment I   9:37 a.m. So between the moment I pressed return pressed return   pressed return &gt;&gt; to the moment I got the output, there &gt;&gt; to the moment I got the output, there   &gt;&gt; to the moment I got the output, there was like less than seven minutes. And was like less than seven minutes. And   was like less than seven minutes. And right here I've got a Google Docs with a right here I've got a Google Docs with a   right here I've got a Google Docs with a bunch of like insights. Um bunch of like insights. Um   bunch of like insights. Um it's just it's just   it's just &gt;&gt; it's asking you crazy. And so a few &gt;&gt; it's asking you crazy. And so a few   &gt;&gt; it's asking you crazy. And so a few questions about this. First is let's questions about this. First is let's   questions about this. First is let's just say I wanted this to be an ongoing just say I wanted this to be an ongoing   just say I wanted this to be an ongoing system. So like anytime I'm on a podcast system. So like anytime I'm on a podcast   system. So like anytime I'm on a podcast or anytime I come out with a new YouTube or anytime I come out with a new YouTube   or anytime I come out with a new YouTube video, how would one build this just video, how would one build this just   video, how would one build this just kind of recurring system that is kind of recurring system that is   kind of recurring system that is constantly almost loading up this constantly almost loading up this   constantly almost loading up this content database that I have? Cuz one content database that I have? Cuz one   content database that I have? Cuz one one of the ways I think about content one of the ways I think about content   one of the ways I think about content especially like for founder content is especially like for founder content is   especially like for founder content is we there's not a lot of time to create we there's not a lot of time to create   we there's not a lot of time to create social content. So like what's the social content. So like what's the   social content. So like what's the always on content in the background always on content in the background   always on content in the background that's just repurposing of evergreen that's just repurposing of evergreen   that's just repurposing of evergreen content that existed before and then content that existed before and then   content that existed before and then when when a CEO does have the time when when a CEO does have the time   when when a CEO does have the time that's when they can kind of tweet that's when they can kind of tweet   that's when they can kind of tweet things off the cuff on a periodic basis things off the cuff on a periodic basis   things off the cuff on a periodic basis &gt;&gt; 100%. So I'll show you I'll show you &gt;&gt; 100%. So I'll show you I'll show you   &gt;&gt; 100%. So I'll show you I'll show you some examples of like very simple agents some examples of like very simple agents   some examples of like very simple agents I have that do something similar. Um I have that do something similar. Um   I have that do something similar. Um I've got thousands of agents and this I've got thousands of agents and this   I've got thousands of agents and this one for some reason I've got two of it one for some reason I've got two of it   one for some reason I've got two of it but it's like the podcast follower. So, but it's like the podcast follower. So,   but it's like the podcast follower. So, I don't have as much time, I don't have as much time,   I don't have as much time, unfortunately, to listen to podcast unfortunately, to listen to podcast   unfortunately, to listen to podcast anymore. And so, what I do is I have anymore. And so, what I do is I have   anymore. And so, what I do is I have this agent here that um I created this this agent here that um I created this   this agent here that um I created this one before, agent builder, so it's a one before, agent builder, so it's a   one before, agent builder, so it's a little bit more more complex, but it's little bit more more complex, but it's   little bit more more complex, but it's basically there's like a recurring basically there's like a recurring   basically there's like a recurring schedule trigger here. And I'm like, schedule trigger here. And I'm like,   schedule trigger here. And I'm like, hey, every Monday at 9 you wake up. I hey, every Monday at 9 you wake up. I   hey, every Monday at 9 you wake up. I think this one does the same. Every think this one does the same. Every   think this one does the same. Every Monday at 9 you wake up um and you Monday at 9 you wake up um and you   Monday at 9 you wake up um and you search the internet for the users's search the internet for the users's   search the internet for the users's prefilled podcasts. And then for each prefilled podcasts. And then for each   prefilled podcasts. And then for each podcast, you transcribe them. And then podcast, you transcribe them. And then   podcast, you transcribe them. And then you send me you send me the the you send me you send me the the   you send me you send me the the transcription and I think here in my transcription and I think here in my   transcription and I think here in my &gt;&gt; in my memories I forgot which one it is &gt;&gt; in my memories I forgot which one it is   &gt;&gt; in my memories I forgot which one it is but like maybe it's this one. I think but like maybe it's this one. I think   but like maybe it's this one. I think it's this one. it's this one.   it's this one. &gt;&gt; Yeah, right here. I'm like hey you &gt;&gt; Yeah, right here. I'm like hey you   &gt;&gt; Yeah, right here. I'm like hey you perform a thing and like my memories are perform a thing and like my memories are   perform a thing and like my memories are like I like Lenny's podcast and first like I like Lenny's podcast and first   like I like Lenny's podcast and first rounds podcast rounds podcast   rounds podcast &gt;&gt; and so every morning every week on &gt;&gt; and so every morning every week on   &gt;&gt; and so every morning every week on Monday I receive an email in my inbox Monday I receive an email in my inbox   Monday I receive an email in my inbox with the summaries of this podcast. So with the summaries of this podcast. So   with the summaries of this podcast. So that's how you do it. You just create that's how you do it. You just create   that's how you do it. You just create this timeral trigger and it used to be this timeral trigger and it used to be   this timeral trigger and it used to be that you had to know this. Now you don't that you had to know this. Now you don't   that you had to know this. Now you don't even need to know it. you can just ask even need to know it. you can just ask   even need to know it. you can just ask the agent builder like, "Hey, make this the agent builder like, "Hey, make this   the agent builder like, "Hey, make this happen every morning at 9:00 a.m." happen every morning at 9:00 a.m."   happen every morning at 9:00 a.m." &gt;&gt; That's awesome. One question back to the &gt;&gt; That's awesome. One question back to the   &gt;&gt; That's awesome. One question back to the flow you created for um my YouTube flow you created for um my YouTube   flow you created for um my YouTube videos because I can imagine like videos because I can imagine like   videos because I can imagine like there's so many use cases for this there's so many use cases for this   there's so many use cases for this obviously you know can be used for any obviously you know can be used for any   obviously you know can be used for any you know any of my prior content. So it you know any of my prior content. So it   you know any of my prior content. So it can be used for personal brand but it can be used for personal brand but it   can be used for personal brand but it also can be used for like companies who also can be used for like companies who   also can be used for like companies who want to repurpose whether it's website want to repurpose whether it's website   want to repurpose whether it's website content or product marketing content to content or product marketing content to   content or product marketing content to use on social. Um, but I think one of use on social. Um, but I think one of   use on social. Um, but I think one of the big issues that marketing teams and the big issues that marketing teams and   the big issues that marketing teams and content teams have with AI today is like content teams have with AI today is like   content teams have with AI today is like a lot of it is AI slop and the voice in a lot of it is AI slop and the voice in   a lot of it is AI slop and the voice in which AI writes and people some people which AI writes and people some people   which AI writes and people some people are saying that GPT 5 was getting was are saying that GPT 5 was getting was   are saying that GPT 5 was getting was going to be better at writing in like a going to be better at writing in like a   going to be better at writing in like a voice that isn't feel doesn't feel very voice that isn't feel doesn't feel very   voice that isn't feel doesn't feel very AI but is there any way with kind of AI but is there any way with kind of   AI but is there any way with kind of this flow or this um editor to this flow or this um editor to   this flow or this um editor to &gt;&gt; have control over the voice it writes &gt;&gt; have control over the voice it writes   &gt;&gt; have control over the voice it writes Then Then   Then &gt;&gt; yeah, so that's the beauty of the agent &gt;&gt; yeah, so that's the beauty of the agent   &gt;&gt; yeah, so that's the beauty of the agent builder is like it is not an agent, it's builder is like it is not an agent, it's   builder is like it is not an agent, it's an agent builder. And so you get to an agent builder. And so you get to   an agent builder. And so you get to inspect the agent it's built. You get to inspect the agent it's built. You get to   inspect the agent it's built. You get to see exactly what it did. And so I find see exactly what it did. And so I find   see exactly what it did. And so I find like this sort of copilot paradigm is is like this sort of copilot paradigm is is   like this sort of copilot paradigm is is really powerful because I call it the really powerful because I call it the   really powerful because I call it the chisel in the sandpaper, right? You get chisel in the sandpaper, right? You get   chisel in the sandpaper, right? You get an agent to just do the first draft of an agent to just do the first draft of   an agent to just do the first draft of whatever you want to do and then you go whatever you want to do and then you go   whatever you want to do and then you go and you and we give you really advanced and you and we give you really advanced   and you and we give you really advanced knobs and sliders and controls to knobs and sliders and controls to   knobs and sliders and controls to control your your your agent's behavior control your your your agent's behavior   control your your your agent's behavior on a very granular basis. So here you on a very granular basis. So here you   on a very granular basis. So here you can see the entire workflow. I can go can see the entire workflow. I can go   can see the entire workflow. I can go here. I can go in the step where it is here. I can go in the step where it is   here. I can go in the step where it is creating a newsletter draft. That's a creating a newsletter draft. That's a   creating a newsletter draft. That's a Google Docs step. And I can see the Google Docs step. And I can see the   Google Docs step. And I can see the prompt here. Create newsletter title prompt here. Create newsletter title   prompt here. Create newsletter title based on the YouTube video content. And based on the YouTube video content. And   based on the YouTube video content. And here the content is just automatic. And here the content is just automatic. And   here the content is just automatic. And I can prompt it here, right? And I can I can prompt it here, right? And I can   I can prompt it here, right? And I can select the the model here. So I think select the the model here. So I think   select the the model here. So I think GPD5 is right here. Um GPD5 is right here. Um   GPD5 is right here. Um &gt;&gt; Y &gt;&gt; Y   &gt;&gt; Y &gt;&gt; but you know like in my experience and &gt;&gt; but you know like in my experience and   &gt;&gt; but you know like in my experience and it's funny like until literally last it's funny like until literally last   it's funny like until literally last night I agreed with you and then last night I agreed with you and then last   night I agreed with you and then last night at like I think 10 p.m. or night at like I think 10 p.m. or   night at like I think 10 p.m. or something like that I was sending a something like that I was sending a   something like that I was sending a proposal to a to to a client and I got I proposal to a to to a client and I got I   proposal to a to to a client and I got I got Lindy to draft the proposal for me got Lindy to draft the proposal for me   got Lindy to draft the proposal for me and I asked my Lindy I almost want to and I asked my Lindy I almost want to   and I asked my Lindy I almost want to share it but I don't want to share it share it but I don't want to share it   share it but I don't want to share it because it's my recordings. Um I Come because it's my recordings. Um I Come   because it's my recordings. Um I Come on. Um no, on. Um no,   on. Um no, it's fine. Um but um I I ah maybe I can it's fine. Um but um I I ah maybe I can   it's fine. Um but um I I ah maybe I can share it. Can I share it? share it. Can I share it?   share it. Can I share it? &gt;&gt; Let's go. &gt;&gt; Let's go.   &gt;&gt; Let's go. &gt;&gt; No, I'm not going to share. I'm not &gt;&gt; No, I'm not going to share. I'm not   &gt;&gt; No, I'm not going to share. I'm not going to share it. Uh       &gt;&gt; if I sit here long enough, Flo's going &gt;&gt; if I sit here long enough, Flo's going   &gt;&gt; if I sit here long enough, Flo's going to go back and forth and convince to go back and forth and convince   to go back and forth and convince himself. himself.   himself. &gt;&gt; Well, you know, if I Okay, I'm going to &gt;&gt; Well, you know, if I Okay, I'm going to   &gt;&gt; Well, you know, if I Okay, I'm going to share. I'm I'm just You know what I'm share. I'm I'm just You know what I'm   share. I'm I'm just You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to stop sharing going to do? I'm going to stop sharing   going to do? I'm going to stop sharing the screen and I'm going to go to the the screen and I'm going to go to the   the screen and I'm going to go to the tasks that I used. And what I'm going to tasks that I used. And what I'm going to   tasks that I used. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to take a screenshot and do is I'm going to take a screenshot and   do is I'm going to take a screenshot and I'm going to I'm going to   I'm going to &gt;&gt; redact it live as we speak. Um, &gt;&gt; redact it live as we speak. Um,   &gt;&gt; redact it live as we speak. Um, &gt;&gt; sounds good. &gt;&gt; sounds good.   &gt;&gt; sounds good. &gt;&gt; Where is it? It was yesterday. &gt;&gt; Where is it? It was yesterday.   &gt;&gt; Where is it? It was yesterday. It was yesterday. And just as Flo's It was yesterday. And just as Flo's   It was yesterday. And just as Flo's finding that, if anyone has questions finding that, if anyone has questions   finding that, if anyone has questions about anything related to kind of the about anything related to kind of the   about anything related to kind of the content agent that Flo created for kind content agent that Flo created for kind   content agent that Flo created for kind of taking my YouTube videos, of taking my YouTube videos,   of taking my YouTube videos, transcribing them, turning them into transcribing them, turning them into   transcribing them, turning them into newsletter drafts or anything kind of in newsletter drafts or anything kind of in   newsletter drafts or anything kind of in kind of the content or marketing uh kind of the content or marketing uh   kind of the content or marketing uh agentic workflow kind of vertical, feel agentic workflow kind of vertical, feel   agentic workflow kind of vertical, feel free to drop them in the in the uh chat free to drop them in the in the uh chat   free to drop them in the in the uh chat as well, and we can try to get to them as well, and we can try to get to them   as well, and we can try to get to them at the end. at the end.   at the end. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. I found it and I'm currently &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. I found it and I'm currently   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. I found it and I'm currently redacting it. redacting it.   redacting it. &gt;&gt; Cool. &gt;&gt; Cool.   &gt;&gt; Cool. Um, Um,   Um, &gt;&gt; and then once and then once you before &gt;&gt; and then once and then once you before   &gt;&gt; and then once and then once you before you bring it up, Flo, let's also before you bring it up, Flo, let's also before   you bring it up, Flo, let's also before the end of the chat, let's also make the end of the chat, let's also make   the end of the chat, let's also make sure you just um show an example if you sure you just um show an example if you   sure you just um show an example if you have one um available of how you're have one um available of how you're   have one um available of how you're using computer use now because I know using computer use now because I know   using computer use now because I know that's newer to the platform and it's that's newer to the platform and it's   that's newer to the platform and it's obviously very powerful. obviously very powerful.   obviously very powerful. &gt;&gt; 100%. Um, okay. All right. Save. put it &gt;&gt; 100%. Um, okay. All right. Save. put it   &gt;&gt; 100%. Um, okay. All right. Save. put it in my download folder       and I'm going to share my screen again. and I'm going to share my screen again.   and I'm going to share my screen again. &gt;&gt; Sweet. &gt;&gt; Sweet.   &gt;&gt; Sweet. &gt;&gt; So, this was this was last night. &gt;&gt; So, this was this was last night.   &gt;&gt; So, this was this was last night. You're going to be able to see the time You're going to be able to see the time   You're going to be able to see the time on it. on it.   on it. Um, and I I had so I have my Lindy Um, and I I had so I have my Lindy   Um, and I I had so I have my Lindy meeting recorder. And again, that's the meeting recorder. And again, that's the   meeting recorder. And again, that's the beauty of of Lindy and and of these beauty of of Lindy and and of these   beauty of of Lindy and and of these agents in general is like my Lindy agents in general is like my Lindy   agents in general is like my Lindy records meetings and then I can just records meetings and then I can just   records meetings and then I can just chat with it directly in the chat. And chat with it directly in the chat. And   chat with it directly in the chat. And so after the meeting, I was like, "Hey, so after the meeting, I was like, "Hey,   so after the meeting, I was like, "Hey, can you write a follow-up email can you write a follow-up email   can you write a follow-up email following this format?" And I was like, following this format?" And I was like,   following this format?" And I was like, "I wanted to talk about the problem. I "I wanted to talk about the problem. I   "I wanted to talk about the problem. I wanted to talk about the solution." And wanted to talk about the solution." And   wanted to talk about the solution." And look, it it it like I thought the the look, it it it like I thought the the   look, it it it like I thought the the the Well, I didn't react all of the Well, I didn't react all of   the Well, I didn't react all of it. I it. I   it. I I'm doing this live. Okay. Uh I'm doing this live. Okay. Uh   I'm doing this live. Okay. Uh &gt;&gt; it's okay. &gt;&gt; it's okay.   &gt;&gt; it's okay. &gt;&gt; I thought &gt;&gt; I thought   &gt;&gt; I thought &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and just a question on that is &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and just a question on that is   &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and just a question on that is when you actually went to prompt the when you actually went to prompt the   when you actually went to prompt the proposal um kind of like what is your proposal um kind of like what is your   proposal um kind of like what is your experience on how much context or how experience on how much context or how   experience on how much context or how much like how important is the way in much like how important is the way in   much like how important is the way in which you're guiding the agent? Like how which you're guiding the agent? Like how   which you're guiding the agent? Like how much information did you give it to get much information did you give it to get   much information did you give it to get it to a place where you just told me it to a place where you just told me   it to a place where you just told me before that for the first time you before that for the first time you   before that for the first time you actually felt like you didn't really actually felt like you didn't really   actually felt like you didn't really need to tune the voice or edit it so need to tune the voice or edit it so   need to tune the voice or edit it so much like it was just really good at much like it was just really good at   much like it was just really good at doing it. Yeah, I I totally embrace the doing it. Yeah, I I totally embrace the   doing it. Yeah, I I totally embrace the context engineering framing that people context engineering framing that people   context engineering framing that people are pushing these days because I I are pushing these days because I I   are pushing these days because I I really do believe it is about the really do believe it is about the   really do believe it is about the context and if you give it enough context and if you give it enough   context and if you give it enough context, it really does become quite context, it really does become quite   context, it really does become quite good. And so that's a very big thing good. And so that's a very big thing   good. And so that's a very big thing that we think about. And in this that we think about. And in this   that we think about. And in this context, look, it this was a task that context, look, it this was a task that   context, look, it this was a task that had the entire meeting history that I had the entire meeting history that I   had the entire meeting history that I just had with this person. That's a lot just had with this person. That's a lot   just had with this person. That's a lot of tokens by the way. That's like an of tokens by the way. That's like an   of tokens by the way. That's like an hour's worth of of spoken words, you hour's worth of of spoken words, you   hour's worth of of spoken words, you know. So that's a lot of context. And know. So that's a lot of context. And   know. So that's a lot of context. And then I just gave it on top of it one then I just gave it on top of it one   then I just gave it on top of it one example of an email that I wrote before. example of an email that I wrote before.   example of an email that I wrote before. That's all it took. and and the email That's all it took. and and the email   That's all it took. and and the email frankly in the end like I I barely had frankly in the end like I I barely had   frankly in the end like I I barely had to make any edits. to make any edits.   to make any edits. &gt;&gt; It's amazing. That's awesome. Um and and &gt;&gt; It's amazing. That's awesome. Um and and   &gt;&gt; It's amazing. That's awesome. Um and and out of curiosity because I think people out of curiosity because I think people   out of curiosity because I think people see this and they're like this is see this and they're like this is   see this and they're like this is awesome but they're like I I think awesome but they're like I I think   awesome but they're like I I think people's feeling whether they're exec people's feeling whether they're exec   people's feeling whether they're exec level or not in an organization they're level or not in an organization they're   level or not in an organization they're right now they're like this is all right now they're like this is all   right now they're like this is all awesome but I just don't have the time awesome but I just don't have the time   awesome but I just don't have the time to rework my whole workflow. Like so to rework my whole workflow. Like so   to rework my whole workflow. Like so someone's typical workflow probably is someone's typical workflow probably is   someone's typical workflow probably is they have a call with a client. They they have a call with a client. They   they have a call with a client. They then take an hour at the end of their then take an hour at the end of their   then take an hour at the end of their day to go look at their notes if they've day to go look at their notes if they've   day to go look at their notes if they've transcribed it, write the whole email, transcribed it, write the whole email,   transcribed it, write the whole email, and so they're like, "When can I and so they're like, "When can I   and so they're like, "When can I actually find the time to rework my actually find the time to rework my   actually find the time to rework my whole workflow?" What is your response whole workflow?" What is your response   whole workflow?" What is your response to people? Use use the agent uh builder. to people? Use use the agent uh builder.   to people? Use use the agent uh builder. &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, basically, I mean, like you can &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, basically, I mean, like you can   &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, basically, I mean, like you can see here again, it took me end to end see here again, it took me end to end   see here again, it took me end to end basically six minutes. basically six minutes.   basically six minutes. &gt;&gt; And it's not because I'm an expert in &gt;&gt; And it's not because I'm an expert in   &gt;&gt; And it's not because I'm an expert in the platform. It's because I literally the platform. It's because I literally   the platform. It's because I literally just asked it for an agent and and it just asked it for an agent and and it   just asked it for an agent and and it builds the agent for me. I'm also builds the agent for me. I'm also   builds the agent for me. I'm also thinking since I'm sharing my screen, thinking since I'm sharing my screen,   thinking since I'm sharing my screen, I'm going to show it. You know that meme I'm going to show it. You know that meme   I'm going to show it. You know that meme with like uh too busy to improve, you with like uh too busy to improve, you   with like uh too busy to improve, you know, it's like these these people who know, it's like these these people who   know, it's like these these people who are pushing like a square wheel and are pushing like a square wheel and   are pushing like a square wheel and they're like and and some guy next to they're like and and some guy next to   they're like and and some guy next to them is like, "Hey, can I help with you them is like, "Hey, can I help with you   them is like, "Hey, can I help with you like a round wheel?" It's like, "No, like a round wheel?" It's like, "No,   like a round wheel?" It's like, "No, sorry, we're too busy." It's like, sorry, we're too busy." It's like,   sorry, we're too busy." It's like, "Look, don't don't be that guy." It's "Look, don't don't be that guy." It's   "Look, don't don't be that guy." It's like it really doesn't take a long time. like it really doesn't take a long time.   like it really doesn't take a long time. And and you know, the reality of of And and you know, the reality of of   And and you know, the reality of of evolving in a rapidly changing world is evolving in a rapidly changing world is   evolving in a rapidly changing world is like you do have to constantly learn and like you do have to constantly learn and   like you do have to constantly learn and improve and adapt yourself to to to the improve and adapt yourself to to to the   improve and adapt yourself to to to the the latest technologies. So, and I think the latest technologies. So, and I think   the latest technologies. So, and I think we're really at a point now where like we're really at a point now where like   we're really at a point now where like it is no longer rocket science. It's it is no longer rocket science. It's   it is no longer rocket science. It's literally just prompted and does stuff literally just prompted and does stuff   literally just prompted and does stuff for you. for you.   for you. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. You want to uh show uh an &gt;&gt; Absolutely. You want to uh show uh an   &gt;&gt; Absolutely. You want to uh show uh an example of computer use? example of computer use?   example of computer use? &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. Uh I actually used it a &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. Uh I actually used it a   &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. Uh I actually used it a couple of days ago. I think it was couple of days ago. I think it was   couple of days ago. I think it was yesterday. I used it this morning to yesterday. I used it this morning to   yesterday. I used it this morning to order Maybe it's going to be too tmi, order Maybe it's going to be too tmi,   order Maybe it's going to be too tmi, but I ordered like vitamin B12 and Creed but I ordered like vitamin B12 and Creed   but I ordered like vitamin B12 and Creed in in   in &gt;&gt; because I want to get I want to get &gt;&gt; because I want to get I want to get   &gt;&gt; because I want to get I want to get jacked, you know. jacked, you know.   jacked, you know. &gt;&gt; Gains gains. &gt;&gt; Gains gains.   &gt;&gt; Gains gains. &gt;&gt; Gains. It's all about the gains. Let's &gt;&gt; Gains. It's all about the gains. Let's   &gt;&gt; Gains. It's all about the gains. Let's get let's do shots of creatine live. Um get let's do shots of creatine live. Um   get let's do shots of creatine live. Um uh okay yesterday uh and I'm going to be uh okay yesterday uh and I'm going to be   uh okay yesterday uh and I'm going to be careful here to what I show because I careful here to what I show because I   careful here to what I show because I don't want you to see my cricket on the don't want you to see my cricket on the   don't want you to see my cricket on the middle but I was like hey go to Amazon middle but I was like hey go to Amazon   middle but I was like hey go to Amazon and buy 40 plus whiteboard black thick and buy 40 plus whiteboard black thick   and buy 40 plus whiteboard black thick mark. I I actually made the type of like mark. I I actually made the type of like   mark. I I actually made the type of like markets but it understood that like I markets but it understood that like I   markets but it understood that like I wanted marketers like mean rate 4.5 wanted marketers like mean rate 4.5   wanted marketers like mean rate 4.5 stars like it's just amazing. I feel stars like it's just amazing. I feel   stars like it's just amazing. I feel like we're all regressing like we're like we're all regressing like we're   like we're all regressing like we're becoming dumber and dumber because these becoming dumber and dumber because these   becoming dumber and dumber because these models are so smart that like the way I models are so smart that like the way I   models are so smart that like the way I prompt them is like I'm just typing prompt them is like I'm just typing   prompt them is like I'm just typing world like I trust it's going to world like I trust it's going to   world like I trust it's going to understand and look it's just like right understand and look it's just like right   understand and look it's just like right it's finding markers it's searches it's it's finding markers it's searches it's   it's finding markers it's searches it's searching for them it's getting a good searching for them it's getting a good   searching for them it's getting a good brand in the end like expo like I guess brand in the end like expo like I guess   brand in the end like expo like I guess you know it's like an expensive brand um you know it's like an expensive brand um   you know it's like an expensive brand um adding to cart and in the end it's just adding to cart and in the end it's just   adding to cart and in the end it's just like did the entire order um like did the entire order um   like did the entire order um &gt;&gt; and where where do you get involved here &gt;&gt; and where where do you get involved here   &gt;&gt; and where where do you get involved here just in the final process of signing in just in the final process of signing in   just in the final process of signing in and payment and payment   and payment &gt;&gt; um it it literally asked which by the &gt;&gt; um it it literally asked which by the   &gt;&gt; um it it literally asked which by the way I don't like it's asking me like hey way I don't like it's asking me like hey   way I don't like it's asking me like hey I'm all good you all need to check out I'm all good you all need to check out   I'm all good you all need to check out I'm like yes please check out I'm like yes please check out   I'm like yes please check out &gt;&gt; but yeah I think that um I think that &gt;&gt; but yeah I think that um I think that   &gt;&gt; but yeah I think that um I think that makes total sense um and and just in a makes total sense um and and just in a   makes total sense um and and just in a work context cuz um like I know you know work context cuz um like I know you know   work context cuz um like I know you know I was watching your conversation with I was watching your conversation with   I was watching your conversation with Greg and uh computer use you were using Greg and uh computer use you were using   Greg and uh computer use you were using for like LinkedIn DMing and and I'm not for like LinkedIn DMing and and I'm not   for like LinkedIn DMing and and I'm not sure uh you know that's even an sure uh you know that's even an   sure uh you know that's even an interesting question like I think one a interesting question like I think one a   interesting question like I think one a an obvious powerful way to use it is for an obvious powerful way to use it is for   an obvious powerful way to use it is for hiring So doing outreach to potential hiring So doing outreach to potential   hiring So doing outreach to potential employees or using it for kind of employees or using it for kind of   employees or using it for kind of outbound sales. And I like the way you outbound sales. And I like the way you   outbound sales. And I like the way you kind of you framed it in the past which kind of you framed it in the past which   kind of you framed it in the past which is like outbound sales it like um is like outbound sales it like um   is like outbound sales it like um you know it's just like not magically you know it's just like not magically   you know it's just like not magically fixed because of these AI agents like fixed because of these AI agents like   fixed because of these AI agents like you still have to be good at doing the you still have to be good at doing the   you still have to be good at doing the thing. But I guess like um give me a thing. But I guess like um give me a   thing. But I guess like um give me a give me just a sense of like in a work give me just a sense of like in a work   give me just a sense of like in a work context how computer use is used um that context how computer use is used um that   context how computer use is used um that you think is really powerful for you think is really powerful for   you think is really powerful for companies. companies.   companies. Yeah. Um, it's tricky because almost by Yeah. Um, it's tricky because almost by   Yeah. Um, it's tricky because almost by definition, computer use is going to be definition, computer use is going to be   definition, computer use is going to be used in the long tail. It's going to be used in the long tail. It's going to be   used in the long tail. It's going to be used uh in services that don't offer an used uh in services that don't offer an   used uh in services that don't offer an API. That's why the example you you hear API. That's why the example you you hear   API. That's why the example you you hear about most often is is LinkedIn because about most often is is LinkedIn because   about most often is is LinkedIn because LinkedIn is like one of the last really LinkedIn is like one of the last really   LinkedIn is like one of the last really big services that purposefully does not big services that purposefully does not   big services that purposefully does not offer an API because they don't want offer an API because they don't want   offer an API because they don't want people to do what we're doing with people to do what we're doing with   people to do what we're doing with computer use. But 90% of the time and computer use. But 90% of the time and   computer use. But 90% of the time and that is something that actually happened that is something that actually happened   that is something that actually happened yesterday in that meeting like people yesterday in that meeting like people   yesterday in that meeting like people ask like in that meeting yesterday it ask like in that meeting yesterday it   ask like in that meeting yesterday it was like a healthcare company and they was like a healthcare company and they   was like a healthcare company and they asked for um some integration with some asked for um some integration with some   asked for um some integration with some obscure CRM like oh do you integrate obscure CRM like oh do you integrate   obscure CRM like oh do you integrate with X and the answer is no and like and with X and the answer is no and like and   with X and the answer is no and like and this is why we built computer use is this is why we built computer use is   this is why we built computer use is because we spent the last two years because we spent the last two years   because we spent the last two years building so many integrations like if building so many integrations like if   building so many integrations like if you go here in Lindy and you click this you go here in Lindy and you click this   you go here in Lindy and you click this plus button here and you can you can plus button here and you can you can   plus button here and you can you can click add actions you can see the click add actions you can see the   click add actions you can see the thousands and thousands like literally thousands and thousands like literally   thousands and thousands like literally thousands of integrations we build like thousands of integrations we build like   thousands of integrations we build like you have we spend so much time doing you have we spend so much time doing   you have we spend so much time doing this stuff and eventually we realize this stuff and eventually we realize   this stuff and eventually we realize like it's never going to be enough. It's like it's never going to be enough. It's   like it's never going to be enough. It's just like sometimes the APIs are simply just like sometimes the APIs are simply   just like sometimes the APIs are simply not good enough. You know like not good enough. You know like   not good enough. You know like QuickBooks APIs are really fleshed out QuickBooks APIs are really fleshed out   QuickBooks APIs are really fleshed out and yet there's still a lot of stuff and yet there's still a lot of stuff   and yet there's still a lot of stuff that you can you can't do with it that that you can you can't do with it that   that you can you can't do with it that you can do with the UI. Um and it's less you can do with the UI. Um and it's less   you can do with the UI. Um and it's less user friendly to have to manipulate APIs user friendly to have to manipulate APIs   user friendly to have to manipulate APIs versus just showing it what you want to versus just showing it what you want to   versus just showing it what you want to do on a screen. Um, so basically like do on a screen. Um, so basically like   do on a screen. Um, so basically like computer use is used in that long tail computer use is used in that long tail   computer use is used in that long tail of like everyone's using these like of like everyone's using these like   of like everyone's using these like obscure tools all day and sometimes obscure tools all day and sometimes   obscure tools all day and sometimes they're like internal tools that by they're like internal tools that by   they're like internal tools that by definition don't have an API opened up definition don't have an API opened up   definition don't have an API opened up to the world. Um, so so computer use to the world. Um, so so computer use   to the world. Um, so so computer use lets you uh use AI agent to automate uh lets you uh use AI agent to automate uh   lets you uh use AI agent to automate uh these these tools. these these tools.   these these tools. &gt;&gt; Love it. What are what are other ways &gt;&gt; Love it. What are what are other ways   &gt;&gt; Love it. What are what are other ways that you're using your own platform that you're using your own platform   that you're using your own platform within your company? Either you within your company? Either you   within your company? Either you personally or your team. What what are personally or your team. What what are   personally or your team. What what are just other workflows that because I'm just other workflows that because I'm   just other workflows that because I'm assuming like Lindy as a business is run assuming like Lindy as a business is run   assuming like Lindy as a business is run off of hundreds of different Lindy off of hundreds of different Lindy   off of hundreds of different Lindy workflows. What are other ones that come workflows. What are other ones that come   workflows. What are other ones that come to mind that you know you obviously have to mind that you know you obviously have   to mind that you know you obviously have to be retrofit for other companies but to be retrofit for other companies but   to be retrofit for other companies but could be really powerful for either could be really powerful for either   could be really powerful for either teams or for a CEO or a founder? teams or for a CEO or a founder?   teams or for a CEO or a founder? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, I have I have so many. I mean &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, I have I have so many. I mean   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, I have I have so many. I mean we have like thousands like literally we have like thousands like literally   we have like thousands like literally thousands of lendies in the company thousands of lendies in the company   thousands of lendies in the company because all each of us has like hundreds because all each of us has like hundreds   because all each of us has like hundreds of them. Um the recruiter is is one that of them. Um the recruiter is is one that   of them. Um the recruiter is is one that I personally really like. Uh this is I personally really like. Uh this is   I personally really like. Uh this is ironic. I used Lindy recruiter to hire a ironic. I used Lindy recruiter to hire a   ironic. I used Lindy recruiter to hire a recruiter. Um so you can see I'm like recruiter. Um so you can see I'm like   recruiter. Um so you can see I'm like hey cuz and and again to my point about hey cuz and and again to my point about   hey cuz and and again to my point about like the huism like we are not at the like the huism like we are not at the   like the huism like we are not at the point where like it is as good as a point where like it is as good as a   point where like it is as good as a human obviously. Y human obviously. Y   human obviously. Y &gt;&gt; and so you know I I I visited an Amazon &gt;&gt; and so you know I I I visited an Amazon   &gt;&gt; and so you know I I I visited an Amazon warehouse uh years ago and and and if warehouse uh years ago and and and if   warehouse uh years ago and and and if you go there by the way I highly you go there by the way I highly   you go there by the way I highly recommend everyone to go there like you recommend everyone to go there like you   recommend everyone to go there like you can book a tour and it's it's can book a tour and it's it's   can book a tour and it's it's spectacular. It's huge and it's robots spectacular. It's huge and it's robots   spectacular. It's huge and it's robots everywhere. It's just incredible. And everywhere. It's just incredible. And   everywhere. It's just incredible. And yet you also still see a lot of people yet you also still see a lot of people   yet you also still see a lot of people and you ask them like why do you still and you ask them like why do you still   and you ask them like why do you still have people in is there if you've have people in is there if you've   have people in is there if you've invested so much in robotics and they invested so much in robotics and they   invested so much in robotics and they say you know they call it going dark say you know they call it going dark   say you know they call it going dark like uh uh cuz if if you really remove like uh uh cuz if if you really remove   like uh uh cuz if if you really remove the humans you can literally turn off the humans you can literally turn off   the humans you can literally turn off the lamps and and the warehouse can be the lamps and and the warehouse can be   the lamps and and the warehouse can be can be dark. Um and they're like going can be dark. Um and they're like going   can be dark. Um and they're like going dark is almost impossible because there dark is almost impossible because there   dark is almost impossible because there is this very long tale of edge cases of is this very long tale of edge cases of   is this very long tale of edge cases of stuff that happens and humans are really stuff that happens and humans are really   stuff that happens and humans are really good at that. So the bread and butter good at that. So the bread and butter   good at that. So the bread and butter like what I'm about to show you right like what I'm about to show you right   like what I'm about to show you right here, that is sort of the bread and here, that is sort of the bread and   here, that is sort of the bread and butter of a recruiter. But then the long butter of a recruiter. But then the long   butter of a recruiter. But then the long tail of what they do all day of like tail of what they do all day of like   tail of what they do all day of like catching exceptions and rescheduling and catching exceptions and rescheduling and   catching exceptions and rescheduling and all of that stuff, an AI agent can't all of that stuff, an AI agent can't   all of that stuff, an AI agent can't just can't do that. So that said, bread just can't do that. So that said, bread   just can't do that. So that said, bread and butter, it can do it. I'm like, and butter, it can do it. I'm like,   and butter, it can do it. I'm like, "Okay, help me find 30 recruiters uh at "Okay, help me find 30 recruiters uh at   "Okay, help me find 30 recruiters uh at companies of more than 40 people and companies of more than 40 people and   companies of more than 40 people and less than 300 people with at least four less than 300 people with at least four   less than 300 people with at least four years of experience in San Francisco." years of experience in San Francisco."   years of experience in San Francisco." Search for searches for people, sends me Search for searches for people, sends me   Search for searches for people, sends me this entire list. Um, and then I'll this entire list. Um, and then I'll   this entire list. Um, and then I'll actually show you a better example. Um, actually show you a better example. Um,   actually show you a better example. Um, it's like, all right. And then it's like it's like, all right. And then it's like   it's like, all right. And then it's like finds this entire list and then it's finds this entire list and then it's   finds this entire list and then it's like, which of those do you want me to like, which of those do you want me to   like, which of those do you want me to reach out to? I'm like, all of them. And reach out to? I'm like, all of them. And   reach out to? I'm like, all of them. And then, uh, reaches out to all of them. then, uh, reaches out to all of them.   then, uh, reaches out to all of them. And this is agent swarms. This is a And this is agent swarms. This is a   And this is agent swarms. This is a thing we released like four months ago. thing we released like four months ago.   thing we released like four months ago. Uh, it kicks off a swarm. So, it's like Uh, it kicks off a swarm. So, it's like   Uh, it kicks off a swarm. So, it's like it kicks off sub agents to reach out to it kicks off sub agents to reach out to   it kicks off sub agents to reach out to all of these recruiters all at once. And all of these recruiters all at once. And   all of these recruiters all at once. And you can see for each of these you can see for each of these   you can see for each of these recruiters, what it does is um it first recruiters, what it does is um it first   recruiters, what it does is um it first searches my email to make sure that I've searches my email to make sure that I've   searches my email to make sure that I've not reached out to this person before. not reached out to this person before.   not reached out to this person before. And then in the end when all the swarms And then in the end when all the swarms   And then in the end when all the swarms are done, like they all collapse back are done, like they all collapse back   are done, like they all collapse back down into this parent agent. And it's down into this parent agent. And it's   down into this parent agent. And it's like, okay, I did it. Uh and by the way, like, okay, I did it. Uh and by the way,   like, okay, I did it. Uh and by the way, 24 of them I reached to, but five of 24 of them I reached to, but five of   24 of them I reached to, but five of them you had reached that to previously. them you had reached that to previously.   them you had reached that to previously. And it's actually funny, Christy And it's actually funny, Christy   And it's actually funny, Christy Simpson, we we ended up hiring. So this Simpson, we we ended up hiring. So this   Simpson, we we ended up hiring. So this this worked like Christy Simpson now this worked like Christy Simpson now   this worked like Christy Simpson now works at at Lindy. She's our recruiter. works at at Lindy. She's our recruiter.   works at at Lindy. She's our recruiter. So recruiting is a really big one. Uh So recruiting is a really big one. Uh   So recruiting is a really big one. Uh just just   just &gt;&gt; how ju just a question on this one. How &gt;&gt; how ju just a question on this one. How   &gt;&gt; how ju just a question on this one. How hard is this to build? Because I think hard is this to build? Because I think   hard is this to build? Because I think people see this and then you start people see this and then you start   people see this and then you start talking about swarms and people's brains talking about swarms and people's brains   talking about swarms and people's brains probably break. They're like, "Oh god, probably break. They're like, "Oh god,   probably break. They're like, "Oh god, swarms probably means it's super swarms probably means it's super   swarms probably means it's super complex. It's going to take me hundreds complex. It's going to take me hundreds   complex. It's going to take me hundreds of hours to build this to build this of hours to build this to build this   of hours to build this to build this exact flow. How hard is this for someone exact flow. How hard is this for someone   exact flow. How hard is this for someone to do?" to do?"   to do?" &gt;&gt; Well, first of all, we have a template. &gt;&gt; Well, first of all, we have a template.   &gt;&gt; Well, first of all, we have a template. So like you can just install the So like you can just install the   So like you can just install the template and like in five clicks, 10 template and like in five clicks, 10   template and like in five clicks, 10 minutes, you're going to have it minutes, you're going to have it   minutes, you're going to have it configured and it just works. Um if you configured and it just works. Um if you   configured and it just works. Um if you want to build it from scratch, it's want to build it from scratch, it's   want to build it from scratch, it's become really easy. It used to be really become really easy. It used to be really   become really easy. It used to be really hard. It's become really easy because hard. It's become really easy because   hard. It's become really easy because I'll show you under the hood the way I'll show you under the hood the way   I'll show you under the hood the way this agent works. This is the agent. So, this agent works. This is the agent. So,   this agent works. This is the agent. So, let me zoom in. This is the agent. Uh, let me zoom in. This is the agent. Uh,   let me zoom in. This is the agent. Uh, so it's like, all right, I'm asking you so it's like, all right, I'm asking you   so it's like, all right, I'm asking you for things and then you you search for for things and then you you search for   for things and then you you search for people and then you and and this purple people and then you and and this purple   people and then you and and this purple box here is an agent's form. So, like box here is an agent's form. So, like   box here is an agent's form. So, like you you loop through all of the you you loop through all of the   you you loop through all of the candidates, you search for email, you candidates, you search for email, you   candidates, you search for email, you send the email, you send reminders. Like send the email, you send reminders. Like   send the email, you send reminders. Like it used to be it used to be quite it used to be it used to be quite   it used to be it used to be quite involved. Uh, once you understand the involved. Uh, once you understand the   involved. Uh, once you understand the platform, it takes you just took me 15 platform, it takes you just took me 15   platform, it takes you just took me 15 minutes. Um, but you do have to like minutes. Um, but you do have to like   minutes. Um, but you do have to like ramp up to the platform. It's not rocket ramp up to the platform. It's not rocket   ramp up to the platform. It's not rocket science. Like if you if you can figure science. Like if you if you can figure   science. Like if you if you can figure out how to use a spreadsheet, you can out how to use a spreadsheet, you can   out how to use a spreadsheet, you can figure out how you can figure out how to figure out how you can figure out how to   figure out how you can figure out how to use this. But now it's even easier with use this. But now it's even easier with   use this. But now it's even easier with with the um agent builder. with the um agent builder.   with the um agent builder. &gt;&gt; How how much how descriptive would you &gt;&gt; How how much how descriptive would you   &gt;&gt; How how much how descriptive would you have to be in the agent builder to have to be in the agent builder to   have to be in the agent builder to basically have it build what you just basically have it build what you just   basically have it build what you just showed? showed?   showed? &gt;&gt; Not very descriptive. Like the the &gt;&gt; Not very descriptive. Like the the   &gt;&gt; Not very descriptive. Like the the example of Lindy I created just before example of Lindy I created just before   example of Lindy I created just before this is using an agent's warm. this is using an agent's warm.   this is using an agent's warm. &gt;&gt; Yep. And all I asked it I was like, &gt;&gt; Yep. And all I asked it I was like,   &gt;&gt; Yep. And all I asked it I was like, "Hey, I want an agent that takes a list "Hey, I want an agent that takes a list   "Hey, I want an agent that takes a list of YouTube links and then loops through of YouTube links and then loops through   of YouTube links and then loops through each of them." I guess the loops through each of them." I guess the loops through   each of them." I guess the loops through is really tipping it. Like I'm just used is really tipping it. Like I'm just used   is really tipping it. Like I'm just used to talking to the agent builder at this to talking to the agent builder at this   to talking to the agent builder at this point, but I suspect even if I hadn't point, but I suspect even if I hadn't   point, but I suspect even if I hadn't say loop through, I think it would still say loop through, I think it would still   say loop through, I think it would still have worked. have worked.   have worked. &gt;&gt; Got it. Yeah. So basically, it's doing &gt;&gt; Got it. Yeah. So basically, it's doing   &gt;&gt; Got it. Yeah. So basically, it's doing the same thing, which is the the swarm the same thing, which is the the swarm   the same thing, which is the the swarm of agents is just running the same job of agents is just running the same job   of agents is just running the same job over and over and over. And you by you over and over and over. And you by you   over and over and over. And you by you saying loop, it's just inherently saying loop, it's just inherently   saying loop, it's just inherently creating the swarm. You think that it creating the swarm. You think that it   creating the swarm. You think that it probably could have created the swarm probably could have created the swarm   probably could have created the swarm even if you didn't say that. even if you didn't say that.   even if you didn't say that. &gt;&gt; That's right. And by the way, it's not &gt;&gt; That's right. And by the way, it's not   &gt;&gt; That's right. And by the way, it's not really hard to say loop, but like yeah, really hard to say loop, but like yeah,   really hard to say loop, but like yeah, even if I said for each like reach out even if I said for each like reach out   even if I said for each like reach out to all of them, I think it would have to all of them, I think it would have   to all of them, I think it would have known to use an agent to here. known to use an agent to here.   known to use an agent to here. &gt;&gt; Yep. Um, &gt;&gt; Yep. Um,   &gt;&gt; Yep. Um, what else? What what else do you think what else? What what else do you think   what else? What what else do you think is interesting to to talk about that is interesting to to talk about that   is interesting to to talk about that folks would find interesting on the folks would find interesting on the   folks would find interesting on the call? call?   call? &gt;&gt; I think customer support is just like &gt;&gt; I think customer support is just like   &gt;&gt; I think customer support is just like the biggest no-brainer. like it it the biggest no-brainer. like it it   the biggest no-brainer. like it it breaks my heart to think that companies breaks my heart to think that companies   breaks my heart to think that companies are spending so much time and money are spending so much time and money   are spending so much time and money doing customer support where like it's doing customer support where like it's   doing customer support where like it's it's basically completely automatable it's basically completely automatable   it's basically completely automatable now. Um so uh customer support is a now. Um so uh customer support is a   now. Um so uh customer support is a really big one. Um personal assistant. really big one. Um personal assistant.   really big one. Um personal assistant. &gt;&gt; Can you can you take me through a &gt;&gt; Can you can you take me through a   &gt;&gt; Can you can you take me through a customer support agent and like how it customer support agent and like how it   customer support agent and like how it actually works? actually works?   actually works? &gt;&gt; I don't have one here cuz this is my &gt;&gt; I don't have one here cuz this is my   &gt;&gt; I don't have one here cuz this is my personal account like the the company personal account like the the company   personal account like the the company account. I would need to like dig it up. account. I would need to like dig it up.   account. I would need to like dig it up. Um all good. Um all good.   Um all good. &gt;&gt; Uh let me see. Do I have one here that &gt;&gt; Uh let me see. Do I have one here that   &gt;&gt; Uh let me see. Do I have one here that could be sort of customer supporty? Why could be sort of customer supporty? Why   could be sort of customer supporty? Why don't we create one live? Yeah, let's do don't we create one live? Yeah, let's do   don't we create one live? Yeah, let's do it. it.   it. &gt;&gt; I'll just And I I'll do it from scratch &gt;&gt; I'll just And I I'll do it from scratch   &gt;&gt; I'll just And I I'll do it from scratch because I'm like it's like the manual, because I'm like it's like the manual,   because I'm like it's like the manual, you know, like people who you know, like people who   you know, like people who &gt;&gt; Yeah, I was going to say it's like &gt;&gt; Yeah, I was going to say it's like   &gt;&gt; Yeah, I was going to say it's like driving a stick shift car. driving a stick shift car.   driving a stick shift car. &gt;&gt; Exactly. It's a stick shift thing. So, &gt;&gt; Exactly. It's a stick shift thing. So,   &gt;&gt; Exactly. It's a stick shift thing. So, uh I'm just at this point I'm so used to uh I'm just at this point I'm so used to   uh I'm just at this point I'm so used to building with my own platform, but um building with my own platform, but um   building with my own platform, but um I'm going to expose it through Gmail. Um I'm going to expose it through Gmail. Um   I'm going to expose it through Gmail. Um and I'm going to do email received and and I'm going to do email received and   and I'm going to do email received and I'm going to do it on florantalindi.ai. I'm going to do it on florantalindi.ai.   I'm going to do it on florantalindi.ai. Well, this is the real I'm going to Well, this is the real I'm going to   Well, this is the real I'm going to filter here. So, I'm going to be like filter here. So, I'm going to be like   filter here. So, I'm going to be like filter and people are going to be able filter and people are going to be able   filter and people are going to be able to try it live. So, subject and here to try it live. So, subject and here   to try it live. So, subject and here like if it contains Alex or like if the like if it contains Alex or like if the   like if it contains Alex or like if the subject is exactly Alex then uh I'm subject is exactly Alex then uh I'm   subject is exactly Alex then uh I'm going to do the stupidest like support going to do the stupidest like support   going to do the stupidest like support thing possible. I'm just going to make thing possible. I'm just going to make   thing possible. I'm just going to make it reply and I'm going to be like uh it reply and I'm going to be like uh   it reply and I'm going to be like uh reply um and if people ask for our uh reply um and if people ask for our uh   reply um and if people ask for our uh refund policy um policy tell them we refund policy um policy tell them we   refund policy um policy tell them we have none. have none.   have none. That's a very This is very bad. Uh, but That's a very This is very bad. Uh, but   That's a very This is very bad. Uh, but like right here like right here   like right here &gt;&gt; once Flo sets it up, shoot him an email &gt;&gt; once Flo sets it up, shoot him an email   &gt;&gt; once Flo sets it up, shoot him an email with me in the subject line and see if with me in the subject line and see if   with me in the subject line and see if uh you learn about uh Lindy's uh refund uh you learn about uh Lindy's uh refund   uh you learn about uh Lindy's uh refund policy. policy.   policy. &gt;&gt; That's right. So, you email Florent at &gt;&gt; That's right. So, you email Florent at   &gt;&gt; That's right. So, you email Florent at lindy.ai. The subject must be exactly lindy.ai. The subject must be exactly   lindy.ai. The subject must be exactly Alex. The reason why I did this is Alex. The reason why I did this is   Alex. The reason why I did this is because Florent is actually my inbox. because Florent is actually my inbox.   because Florent is actually my inbox. So, I don't want I don't want like me to So, I don't want I don't want like me to   So, I don't want I don't want like me to do this. But look, I I'll do it right do this. But look, I I'll do it right   do this. But look, I I'll do it right now. Florent.ai. now. Florent.ai.   now. Florent.ai. Uh Alex. And then I'm going to go like, Uh Alex. And then I'm going to go like,   Uh Alex. And then I'm going to go like, "Hey yo, what's up? Um, what's your "Hey yo, what's up? Um, what's your   "Hey yo, what's up? Um, what's your refund? What's your refund policy? Also, refund? What's your refund policy? Also,   refund? What's your refund policy? Also, uh, tell me a joke. A joke about, uh, uh, tell me a joke. A joke about, uh,   uh, tell me a joke. A joke about, uh, giraffes.       Boom. I'm going to send in the email. Boom. I'm going to send in the email.   Boom. I'm going to send in the email. I'm going to go in tasks right here. And I'm going to go in tasks right here. And   I'm going to go in tasks right here. And because, you know, Gmail does this thing because, you know, Gmail does this thing   because, you know, Gmail does this thing where like when you send an email, it where like when you send an email, it   where like when you send an email, it actually doesn't send it immediately. It actually doesn't send it immediately. It   actually doesn't send it immediately. It like waits like 30 seconds to let you like waits like 30 seconds to let you   like waits like 30 seconds to let you undo it. So, we're going to have to play undo it. So, we're going to have to play   undo it. So, we're going to have to play a little music here, a little music here,   a little music here, &gt;&gt; but um &gt;&gt; but um   &gt;&gt; but um uh and again, this is like sort of like uh and again, this is like sort of like   uh and again, this is like sort of like a toy agent, right? It's just like two a toy agent, right? It's just like two   a toy agent, right? It's just like two steps, but it's not very different from steps, but it's not very different from   steps, but it's not very different from what you would actually do. Like step what you would actually do. Like step   what you would actually do. Like step the step after that would be to like the step after that would be to like   the step after that would be to like give it a knowledge base. And then like give it a knowledge base. And then like   give it a knowledge base. And then like when you do that, you've got to you've when you do that, you've got to you've   when you do that, you've got to you've got to give it uh you've got to plug it got to give it uh you've got to plug it   got to give it uh you've got to plug it to like your Google Drive or like your to like your Google Drive or like your   to like your Google Drive or like your your website, your your your customer your website, your your your customer   your website, your your your customer support base or whatever. And little by support base or whatever. And little by   support base or whatever. And little by little, you just flesh it out. Like you little, you just flesh it out. Like you   little, you just flesh it out. Like you can also like insert a condition here can also like insert a condition here   can also like insert a condition here that's like okay so if the user is just that's like okay so if the user is just   that's like okay so if the user is just asking a question you do this if they're asking a question you do this if they're   asking a question you do this if they're asking for a refund you do that and here asking for a refund you do that and here   asking for a refund you do that and here probably probably   probably &gt;&gt; I was just I was just about to ask about &gt;&gt; I was just I was just about to ask about   &gt;&gt; I was just I was just about to ask about this which is like you know let's just this which is like you know let's just   this which is like you know let's just say a company has a uh 500 FAQs that the say a company has a uh 500 FAQs that the   say a company has a uh 500 FAQs that the that Lindy or the the agent could easily that Lindy or the the agent could easily   that Lindy or the the agent could easily answer but let's just say there's a answer but let's just say there's a   answer but let's just say there's a question that is an edge case is there a question that is an edge case is there a   question that is an edge case is there a way to basically build the agent in way to basically build the agent in   way to basically build the agent in which if it notices an edge case it which if it notices an edge case it   which if it notices an edge case it sends it in Slack to an actual uh human sends it in Slack to an actual uh human   sends it in Slack to an actual uh human support person that takes over the support person that takes over the   support person that takes over the ticket ticket   ticket &gt;&gt; 100%. Super easy. Okay. The user asking &gt;&gt; 100%. Super easy. Okay. The user asking   &gt;&gt; 100%. Super easy. Okay. The user asking the question, you search the knowledge the question, you search the knowledge   the question, you search the knowledge base and then condition. If you found base and then condition. If you found   base and then condition. If you found the answer to the question, the answer the answer to the question, the answer   the answer to the question, the answer to the question, you do this. If you to the question, you do this. If you   to the question, you do this. If you didn't find the answer to the question, didn't find the answer to the question,   didn't find the answer to the question, you do this. You go to Slack. It's right you do this. You go to Slack. It's right   you do this. You go to Slack. It's right here. You send me a message. It's right here. You send me a message. It's right   here. You send me a message. It's right here. And right here, I'm going to here. And right here, I'm going to   here. And right here, I'm going to define the condition as you didn't find define the condition as you didn't find   define the condition as you didn't find the answer the answer   the answer to the question. to the question.   to the question. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep.   &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; I mean, and that's my point, like I just &gt;&gt; I mean, and that's my point, like I just   &gt;&gt; I mean, and that's my point, like I just built all of this in like 30 seconds or built all of this in like 30 seconds or   built all of this in like 30 seconds or something. something.   something. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I I actually think what's &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I I actually think what's   &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I I actually think what's interesting is I think people almost and interesting is I think people almost and   interesting is I think people almost and maybe it's because this is how it was or maybe it's because this is how it was or   maybe it's because this is how it was or like earlier kind of in the the current like earlier kind of in the the current   like earlier kind of in the the current AI cycle, but I think people just assume AI cycle, but I think people just assume   AI cycle, but I think people just assume that it is going to take there's almost that it is going to take there's almost   that it is going to take there's almost like two things are true. The first like two things are true. The first   like two things are true. The first thing that's true is likely the first thing that's true is likely the first   thing that's true is likely the first time you set up an agent, something will time you set up an agent, something will   time you set up an agent, something will be broken with it that you have to fix. be broken with it that you have to fix.   be broken with it that you have to fix. Like it like, you know, it's not always Like it like, you know, it's not always   Like it like, you know, it's not always going to oneshot your exact flow. But going to oneshot your exact flow. But   going to oneshot your exact flow. But the second part can also be true, which the second part can also be true, which   the second part can also be true, which is the amount of work to actually build is the amount of work to actually build   is the amount of work to actually build a pretty useful agent also isn't. We're a pretty useful agent also isn't. We're   a pretty useful agent also isn't. We're not talking dozens of hours. No, no, not talking dozens of hours. No, no,   not talking dozens of hours. No, no, we're talking once you know how to use we're talking once you know how to use   we're talking once you know how to use the platform, which like I suspect what the platform, which like I suspect what   the platform, which like I suspect what I just showed to this audience, like it I just showed to this audience, like it   I just showed to this audience, like it hopefully it comes across as pretty hopefully it comes across as pretty   hopefully it comes across as pretty simple. Yeah, it takes it takes minutes. simple. Yeah, it takes it takes minutes.   simple. Yeah, it takes it takes minutes. Uh yeah, right here you can see the Uh yeah, right here you can see the   Uh yeah, right here you can see the example. Hey yo, what's up? What's your example. Hey yo, what's up? What's your   example. Hey yo, what's up? What's your refund policy? Tell me a joke about refund policy? Tell me a joke about   refund policy? Tell me a joke about giraffes. And boom. Hey, regarding our giraffes. And boom. Hey, regarding our   giraffes. And boom. Hey, regarding our refund policy, we don't have one. And refund policy, we don't have one. And   refund policy, we don't have one. And here's a giraffe joke for you. That's here's a giraffe joke for you. That's   here's a giraffe joke for you. That's it. It's like the simplest agent. And it. It's like the simplest agent. And   it. It's like the simplest agent. And right here, like this can save your right here, like this can save your   right here, like this can save your company depending on your size of your company depending on your size of your   company depending on your size of your company, but it can save a lot of time company, but it can save a lot of time   company, but it can save a lot of time and a lot of money. So I think there's and a lot of money. So I think there's   and a lot of money. So I think there's like a lot of good reasons not to use like a lot of good reasons not to use   like a lot of good reasons not to use agents yet. But I think frankly there's agents yet. But I think frankly there's   agents yet. But I think frankly there's also just like a lot of inertia at this also just like a lot of inertia at this   also just like a lot of inertia at this point. It's just like look it works. It point. It's just like look it works. It   point. It's just like look it works. It saves a lot of money and it's not hard saves a lot of money and it's not hard   saves a lot of money and it's not hard to create or to use to create or to use   to create or to use &gt;&gt; if So one more question for you and then &gt;&gt; if So one more question for you and then   &gt;&gt; if So one more question for you and then I want to uh in the remaining 10 minutes I want to uh in the remaining 10 minutes   I want to uh in the remaining 10 minutes go to um the audience for questions. So go to um the audience for questions. So   go to um the audience for questions. So anyone who's watching any if you have anyone who's watching any if you have   anyone who's watching any if you have any questions for Flo or anything about any questions for Flo or anything about   any questions for Flo or anything about building AI agents um drop it in the building AI agents um drop it in the   building AI agents um drop it in the chat and I'll scroll I'll scroll through chat and I'll scroll I'll scroll through   chat and I'll scroll I'll scroll through and ask uh Flo them in a minute. But and ask uh Flo them in a minute. But   and ask uh Flo them in a minute. But let's just say someone's watching and let's just say someone's watching and   let's just say someone's watching and they're trying to figure out they're trying to figure out   they're trying to figure out how to prioritize what agents to build how to prioritize what agents to build   how to prioritize what agents to build first. What what would be your first. What what would be your   first. What what would be your suggestion? So like they want to say suggestion? So like they want to say   suggestion? So like they want to say they want to start using Wendy today and they want to start using Wendy today and   they want to start using Wendy today and they're like I want to build my first they're like I want to build my first   they're like I want to build my first agent. What is the criteria by which you agent. What is the criteria by which you   agent. What is the criteria by which you prioritize what to automate or outsource prioritize what to automate or outsource   prioritize what to automate or outsource to uh an agent? Yeah, I'm kind of to uh an agent? Yeah, I'm kind of   to uh an agent? Yeah, I'm kind of reminded of like reminded of like   reminded of like the best way to learn like I don't think the best way to learn like I don't think   the best way to learn like I don't think is like to like buy a textbook and sit is like to like buy a textbook and sit   is like to like buy a textbook and sit down and read, you know, it's just to do down and read, you know, it's just to do   down and read, you know, it's just to do it. It's just to do the simplest thing it. It's just to do the simplest thing   it. It's just to do the simplest thing you can do. Like if you want to learn to you can do. Like if you want to learn to   you can do. Like if you want to learn to code, just like build the simplest code, just like build the simplest   code, just like build the simplest project you can you can build and just project you can you can build and just   project you can you can build and just like keep doing this and and you're like keep doing this and and you're   like keep doing this and and you're going to learn how to code. It's like going to learn how to code. It's like   going to learn how to code. It's like the organic uh school of of learning. I the organic uh school of of learning. I   the organic uh school of of learning. I think it's the same thing for AI agents. think it's the same thing for AI agents.   think it's the same thing for AI agents. is like I feel like some you know the is like I feel like some you know the   is like I feel like some you know the midweek curve you know like uh it's like midweek curve you know like uh it's like   midweek curve you know like uh it's like I think there's like the the on I think there's like the the on   I think there's like the the on the left of the curve that's like you the left of the curve that's like you   the left of the curve that's like you know I'm just going to do things you know I'm just going to do things you   know I'm just going to do things you know and then there's a guy in the know and then there's a guy in the   know and then there's a guy in the middle that's like no I need to like do middle that's like no I need to like do   middle that's like no I need to like do frameworks and prioritization frameworks and prioritization   frameworks and prioritization spreadsheets and then there's a guy on spreadsheets and then there's a guy on   spreadsheets and then there's a guy on the right like I'm just going to do the right like I'm just going to do   the right like I'm just going to do things like things like   things like &gt;&gt; um don't I look some people have success &gt;&gt; um don't I look some people have success   &gt;&gt; um don't I look some people have success like I I think it's less fun and I think like I I think it's less fun and I think   like I I think it's less fun and I think it's less fast and I think it's less it's less fast and I think it's less   it's less fast and I think it's less successful but successful but   successful but &gt;&gt; I I wouldn't necessarily sit down and go &gt;&gt; I I wouldn't necessarily sit down and go   &gt;&gt; I I wouldn't necessarily sit down and go through the whole prioritization matrix through the whole prioritization matrix   through the whole prioritization matrix and all of that stuff. I would literally and all of that stuff. I would literally   and all of that stuff. I would literally just like brainstorm two or three ideas just like brainstorm two or three ideas   just like brainstorm two or three ideas like pick the one that seems simplest like pick the one that seems simplest   like pick the one that seems simplest and and and and that would bring you and and and and that would bring you   and and and and that would bring you most value and and do it. most value and and do it.   most value and and do it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah.   &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yep. Um and also I feel like this is &gt;&gt; Yep. Um and also I feel like this is   &gt;&gt; Yep. Um and also I feel like this is kind of a triedand-rue lesson in agents kind of a triedand-rue lesson in agents   kind of a triedand-rue lesson in agents is like the most of the time the highest is like the most of the time the highest   is like the most of the time the highest leverage agents are the least sexy ones. leverage agents are the least sexy ones.   leverage agents are the least sexy ones. like they're like the the least cool like they're like the the least cool   like they're like the the least cool ones that would go viral on the ones that would go viral on the   ones that would go viral on the internet, but they're the ones that internet, but they're the ones that   internet, but they're the ones that actually like save a significant amount actually like save a significant amount   actually like save a significant amount of labor time uh because it's just a of labor time uh because it's just a   of labor time uh because it's just a process that's done over and over in process that's done over and over in   process that's done over and over in your company. your company.   your company. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm going to give this one final &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm going to give this one final   &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm going to give this one final example and then we can we can take example and then we can we can take   example and then we can we can take questions. But speaking of this like not questions. But speaking of this like not   questions. But speaking of this like not necessarily super sexy agent, but necessarily super sexy agent, but   necessarily super sexy agent, but literally yesterday I was talking to literally yesterday I was talking to   literally yesterday I was talking to someone who's like, "Oh my god, I have someone who's like, "Oh my god, I have   someone who's like, "Oh my god, I have like a VA that I've hired that's like a VA that I've hired that's   like a VA that I've hired that's basically 90% of what my VA does is this basically 90% of what my VA does is this   basically 90% of what my VA does is this daily digest email." So like every daily digest email." So like every   daily digest email." So like every morning I want an email in my inbox that morning I want an email in my inbox that   morning I want an email in my inbox that talks to me about my uh meetings and talks to me about my uh meetings and   talks to me about my uh meetings and does like deep research about each does like deep research about each   does like deep research about each meeting. And so this is actually funny meeting. And so this is actually funny   meeting. And so this is actually funny because this is like two nested agents because this is like two nested agents   because this is like two nested agents swarms. So okay, so every morning wakes swarms. So okay, so every morning wakes   swarms. So okay, so every morning wakes up, checks my meetings for the day, up, checks my meetings for the day,   up, checks my meetings for the day, calculates how many meeting hours I have calculates how many meeting hours I have   calculates how many meeting hours I have on that day because I like to have that on that day because I like to have that   on that day because I like to have that at the top of my email. And then for at the top of my email. And then for   at the top of my email. And then for every meeting and for every attendee of every meeting and for every attendee of   every meeting and for every attendee of every meeting, look for their LinkedIn every meeting, look for their LinkedIn   every meeting, look for their LinkedIn online, look for my email history with online, look for my email history with   online, look for my email history with this person. look for my meeting notes this person. look for my meeting notes   this person. look for my meeting notes history with this person because Lind is history with this person because Lind is   history with this person because Lind is also recording meetings and logging the also recording meetings and logging the   also recording meetings and logging the notes in Google Drive and then uh send notes in Google Drive and then uh send   notes in Google Drive and then uh send me this email and I'm like okay you send me this email and I'm like okay you send   me this email and I'm like okay you send me a bullet list with the meetings I me a bullet list with the meetings I   me a bullet list with the meetings I have today. You send me the LinkedIns of have today. You send me the LinkedIns of   have today. You send me the LinkedIns of the people I'm meeting with and you send the people I'm meeting with and you send   the people I'm meeting with and you send me the contact the context that you me the contact the context that you   me the contact the context that you found about this meeting. Uh I'm found about this meeting. Uh I'm   found about this meeting. Uh I'm actually going going to edit it in actually going going to edit it in   actually going going to edit it in particular particular   particular from my inbox. from my inbox.   from my inbox. &gt;&gt; Love it. And as an example here, like if &gt;&gt; Love it. And as an example here, like if   &gt;&gt; Love it. And as an example here, like if if say um like I could imagine this is if say um like I could imagine this is   if say um like I could imagine this is incredibly helpful for a salesperson, incredibly helpful for a salesperson,   incredibly helpful for a salesperson, right? Like any sales or is um if aa if right? Like any sales or is um if aa if   right? Like any sales or is um if aa if say it's a salesperson or a customer say it's a salesperson or a customer   say it's a salesperson or a customer success person that they're a few of success person that they're a few of   success person that they're a few of their meetings are with current clients. their meetings are with current clients.   their meetings are with current clients. I'm assuming you could just add to this I'm assuming you could just add to this   I'm assuming you could just add to this agent where it also looks at their agent where it also looks at their   agent where it also looks at their HubSpot, their Salesforce or whatever HubSpot, their Salesforce or whatever   HubSpot, their Salesforce or whatever and is able to give them any context and is able to give them any context   and is able to give them any context around like kind of the state of that around like kind of the state of that   around like kind of the state of that client as well. client as well.   client as well. &gt;&gt; 100%. Yeah, that's a big use case for us &gt;&gt; 100%. Yeah, that's a big use case for us   &gt;&gt; 100%. Yeah, that's a big use case for us is sales people in general have so many is sales people in general have so many   is sales people in general have so many use cases. use cases.   use cases. &gt;&gt; Yep. Love it. Um, okay, let's do in the &gt;&gt; Yep. Love it. Um, okay, let's do in the   &gt;&gt; Yep. Love it. Um, okay, let's do in the last uh few minutes some questions from last uh few minutes some questions from   last uh few minutes some questions from the group. So, if you have any questions the group. So, if you have any questions   the group. So, if you have any questions for Flow about building agents, um, for Flow about building agents, um,   for Flow about building agents, um, whether it's like specific tactics or whether it's like specific tactics or   whether it's like specific tactics or just his thoughts on agents moving just his thoughts on agents moving   just his thoughts on agents moving forward, drop it in here. Um, the first forward, drop it in here. Um, the first   forward, drop it in here. Um, the first one is from Kellen who said, "How do you one is from Kellen who said, "How do you   one is from Kellen who said, "How do you handle undoing something if you're using handle undoing something if you're using   handle undoing something if you're using an agent and it doesn't update data or an agent and it doesn't update data or   an agent and it doesn't update data or something correctly? something correctly?   something correctly? I'm sorry. Can you repeat the question? I'm sorry. Can you repeat the question?   I'm sorry. Can you repeat the question? &gt;&gt; How do you h how do you handle undoing &gt;&gt; How do you h how do you handle undoing   &gt;&gt; How do you h how do you handle undoing something if you're using an agent and something if you're using an agent and   something if you're using an agent and it doesn't update data or something it doesn't update data or something   it doesn't update data or something correctly? correctly?   correctly? &gt;&gt; Yeah, two parts to the answer here. Like &gt;&gt; Yeah, two parts to the answer here. Like   &gt;&gt; Yeah, two parts to the answer here. Like one is just very appd dependent. Like if one is just very appd dependent. Like if   one is just very appd dependent. Like if if it's making an update on HubSpot, for if it's making an update on HubSpot, for   if it's making an update on HubSpot, for example, HubSpot let you undo any change example, HubSpot let you undo any change   example, HubSpot let you undo any change and like see the the change history to and like see the the change history to   and like see the the change history to any entity, contact, whatever on any entity, contact, whatever on   any entity, contact, whatever on HubSpot. That's number one. Number two HubSpot. That's number one. Number two   HubSpot. That's number one. Number two is we do make it very easy for you to is we do make it very easy for you to   is we do make it very easy for you to insert yourself as a human into the loop insert yourself as a human into the loop   insert yourself as a human into the loop in these agents. So it's literally one in these agents. So it's literally one   in these agents. So it's literally one click. You can select a step and then click. You can select a step and then   click. You can select a step and then there's like ask for confirmation before there's like ask for confirmation before   there's like ask for confirmation before doing it. You and you can turn it on and doing it. You and you can turn it on and   doing it. You and you can turn it on and then it's going to ask you for then it's going to ask you for   then it's going to ask you for confirmation. The beauty of it is that confirmation. The beauty of it is that   confirmation. The beauty of it is that as you give it more and more as you give it more and more   as you give it more and more confirmation, it learns. Um and so at confirmation, it learns. Um and so at   confirmation, it learns. Um and so at some point like it's ex it's exactly the some point like it's ex it's exactly the   some point like it's ex it's exactly the same as a human employee. Like at first same as a human employee. Like at first   same as a human employee. Like at first it's on boarding. It sort of screws up. it's on boarding. It sort of screws up.   it's on boarding. It sort of screws up. You you sort of like you're behind their You you sort of like you're behind their   You you sort of like you're behind their back. You you watch them and then little back. You you watch them and then little   back. You you watch them and then little by little they get good enough and you by little they get good enough and you   by little they get good enough and you just like stop watching them. just like stop watching them.   just like stop watching them. &gt;&gt; Yep. Love it. One question that I have &gt;&gt; Yep. Love it. One question that I have   &gt;&gt; Yep. Love it. One question that I have as kind of you were sharing is and and I as kind of you were sharing is and and I   as kind of you were sharing is and and I mentioned this to you before is kind of mentioned this to you before is kind of   mentioned this to you before is kind of the difference between single player and the difference between single player and   the difference between single player and multiplayer agents and I feel like it's multiplayer agents and I feel like it's   multiplayer agents and I feel like it's a lot of why even in AI right now we see a lot of why even in AI right now we see   a lot of why even in AI right now we see so much of the growth is on like the so much of the growth is on like the   so much of the growth is on like the consumer or proumer side which is kind consumer or proumer side which is kind   consumer or proumer side which is kind of like not necessarily characteristic of like not necessarily characteristic   of like not necessarily characteristic of large like V like kind of VC uh of large like V like kind of VC uh   of large like V like kind of VC uh cycles typically it's actually in B2B is cycles typically it's actually in B2B is   cycles typically it's actually in B2B is where you see kind of the the most rapid where you see kind of the the most rapid   where you see kind of the the most rapid growth but I think part of it is whether growth but I think part of it is whether   growth but I think part of it is whether it's like chat GP BT or Grock or it's like chat GP BT or Grock or   it's like chat GP BT or Grock or whatever, single player use is just whatever, single player use is just   whatever, single player use is just easier. There's lower friction and then easier. There's lower friction and then   easier. There's lower friction and then you start thinking about a company where you start thinking about a company where   you start thinking about a company where hypothetically there's five people hypothetically there's five people   hypothetically there's five people involved in a process and it becomes a involved in a process and it becomes a   involved in a process and it becomes a lot more complex because you need lot more complex because you need   lot more complex because you need compliance from everyone. But one of the compliance from everyone. But one of the   compliance from everyone. But one of the things like as we've talked through things like as we've talked through   things like as we've talked through these use cases in Lindy most of them so these use cases in Lindy most of them so   these use cases in Lindy most of them so far have been kind of like single player far have been kind of like single player   far have been kind of like single player or multiplayer adjacent meaning like or multiplayer adjacent meaning like   or multiplayer adjacent meaning like your daily digest is really just created your daily digest is really just created   your daily digest is really just created for you. And so what's beautiful around for you. And so what's beautiful around   for you. And so what's beautiful around that is it's a contained environment that is it's a contained environment   that is it's a contained environment where you don't need compliance from where you don't need compliance from   where you don't need compliance from other people. But let's just say even in other people. But let's just say even in   other people. But let's just say even in the customer support flow you were the customer support flow you were   the customer support flow you were talking about where like is there a way talking about where like is there a way   talking about where like is there a way right now to build kind of multiplayer right now to build kind of multiplayer   right now to build kind of multiplayer agents where based on an action that agents where based on an action that   agents where based on an action that hypothetically was taken by your support hypothetically was taken by your support   hypothetically was taken by your support person after they were messaged on Slack person after they were messaged on Slack   person after they were messaged on Slack because the agent couldn't find the because the agent couldn't find the   because the agent couldn't find the answer in the knowledge base. Based on answer in the knowledge base. Based on   answer in the knowledge base. Based on an action that they take, could the an action that they take, could the   an action that they take, could the agent keep working? like is that built agent keep working? like is that built   agent keep working? like is that built into kind of how you can build agents into kind of how you can build agents   into kind of how you can build agents right now? right now?   right now? &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. And and there are two ways &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. And and there are two ways   &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. And and there are two ways to do this. You can do it either on to do this. You can do it either on   to do this. You can do it either on platform or offplatform like on platform platform or offplatform like on platform   platform or offplatform like on platform and that that's part of what we just and that that's part of what we just   and that that's part of what we just shipped as part of Lindy 3.0 like we shipped as part of Lindy 3.0 like we   shipped as part of Lindy 3.0 like we have these collaboration features there. have these collaboration features there.   have these collaboration features there. So you can have a workspace you can have So you can have a workspace you can have   So you can have a workspace you can have members in your workspace you can like members in your workspace you can like   members in your workspace you can like share your agents with them as like share your agents with them as like   share your agents with them as like editors or users only or whatnot. Um, so editors or users only or whatnot. Um, so   editors or users only or whatnot. Um, so that that's the onplatform thing. And that that's the onplatform thing. And   that that's the onplatform thing. And then the offplatform thing is like look, then the offplatform thing is like look,   then the offplatform thing is like look, we have all of these thousands of we have all of these thousands of   we have all of these thousands of integrations. And so if you want your integrations. And so if you want your   integrations. And so if you want your agent to for example ping your teammate agent to for example ping your teammate   agent to for example ping your teammate on Slack to ask for confirmation, you on Slack to ask for confirmation, you   on Slack to ask for confirmation, you can just configure your agent to do can just configure your agent to do   can just configure your agent to do that. That's that's just that's like a a that. That's that's just that's like a a   that. That's that's just that's like a a side effect of the primitives that we've side effect of the primitives that we've   side effect of the primitives that we've put in place. put in place.   put in place. &gt;&gt; Love it. Um, I think I think we're all &gt;&gt; Love it. Um, I think I think we're all   &gt;&gt; Love it. Um, I think I think we're all set on questions. Uh, one final question set on questions. Uh, one final question   set on questions. Uh, one final question for you is kind of what what does the for you is kind of what what does the   for you is kind of what what does the future look like over the next, you future look like over the next, you   future look like over the next, you know, six to 12 months for Lindy and know, six to 12 months for Lindy and   know, six to 12 months for Lindy and also just AI agents more broadly. also just AI agents more broadly.   also just AI agents more broadly. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think we've got the the big like &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think we've got the the big like   &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think we've got the the big like building pieces place like now, you building pieces place like now, you   building pieces place like now, you know, we've got computer use that really know, we've got computer use that really   know, we've got computer use that really let you integrate with anything. We've let you integrate with anything. We've   let you integrate with anything. We've got agent builder that makes it super got agent builder that makes it super   got agent builder that makes it super easy to create your agent. Frankly, I easy to create your agent. Frankly, I   easy to create your agent. Frankly, I think we're like entering an era of like think we're like entering an era of like   think we're like entering an era of like stabilization. Uh, we're going to do stabilization. Uh, we're going to do   stabilization. Uh, we're going to do like a stability release. like I think like a stability release. like I think   like a stability release. like I think for the rest of the year we're just for the rest of the year we're just   for the rest of the year we're just going to stabilize everything and like going to stabilize everything and like   going to stabilize everything and like iterate on the product and and make it iterate on the product and and make it   iterate on the product and and make it shine. So so it's perfect. Um so again shine. So so it's perfect. Um so again   shine. So so it's perfect. Um so again like in the in the spirit of being real like in the in the spirit of being real   like in the in the spirit of being real with people and and that's come to with people and and that's come to   with people and and that's come to hexurism like it's it's early for agents hexurism like it's it's early for agents   hexurism like it's it's early for agents in general and this is like this is like in general and this is like this is like   in general and this is like this is like a 1984 Macintosh you know it's a hell of a 1984 Macintosh you know it's a hell of   a 1984 Macintosh you know it's a hell of a lot better than like the command line a lot better than like the command line   a lot better than like the command line interface PC that was just like unusable interface PC that was just like unusable   interface PC that was just like unusable for me more tools but you know it's it's for me more tools but you know it's it's   for me more tools but you know it's it's early. Um so that's what's next for us early. Um so that's what's next for us   early. Um so that's what's next for us is just making it super solid super is just making it super solid super   is just making it super solid super reliable. reliable.   reliable. &gt;&gt; Love it. Uh, and last question before we &gt;&gt; Love it. Uh, and last question before we   &gt;&gt; Love it. Uh, and last question before we hop. How can people find out more about hop. How can people find out more about   hop. How can people find out more about um, Lindy and using the platform and um, Lindy and using the platform and   um, Lindy and using the platform and building agents? building agents?   building agents? &gt;&gt; Yeah, go to lindy.ai. You can sign up in &gt;&gt; Yeah, go to lindy.ai. You can sign up in   &gt;&gt; Yeah, go to lindy.ai. You can sign up in a couple of minutes. a couple of minutes.   a couple of minutes. &gt;&gt; Awesome, Flo. Thank you so much uh, for &gt;&gt; Awesome, Flo. Thank you so much uh, for   &gt;&gt; Awesome, Flo. Thank you so much uh, for the conversation and excited to do this the conversation and excited to do this   the conversation and excited to do this soon in the future. soon in the future.   soon in the future. &gt;&gt; Yeah, thanks, Alex. &gt;&gt; Yeah, thanks, Alex.   &gt;&gt; Yeah, thanks, Alex. &gt;&gt; Thanks, man. Have a good day. &gt;&gt; Thanks, man. Have a good day.   &gt;&gt; Thanks, man. Have a good day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Bye.