The goal here is I want to try to take The goal here is I want to try to take   The goal here is I want to try to take your demo application that you've your demo application that you've   your demo application that you've created with cloud code, add evals on created with cloud code, add evals on   created with cloud code, add evals on top so that it performs much better over top so that it performs much better over   top so that it performs much better over time and make it consistent and time and make it consistent and   time and make it consistent and reliable. [music] All these agents reliable. [music] All these agents   reliable. [music] All these agents become so good it could build whatever become so good it could build whatever   become so good it could build whatever you want in your head. Like you can take you want in your head. Like you can take   you want in your head. Like you can take any SAS and just clone it. Then what is any SAS and just clone it. Then what is   any SAS and just clone it. Then what is your mode? Training your agent backwards your mode? Training your agent backwards   your mode? Training your agent backwards [music] is completely overloaded and BS. [music] is completely overloaded and BS.   [music] is completely overloaded and BS. There's really only three things you can There's really only three things you can   There's really only three things you can do. do.   do. Okay. So again, I just want to give you Okay. So again, I just want to give you   Okay. So again, I just want to give you a 5minute introduction into the exercise a 5minute introduction into the exercise   a 5minute introduction into the exercise that we're going to be doing. Most AI that we're going to be doing. Most AI   that we're going to be doing. Most AI apps are just demos. They have perfect apps are just demos. They have perfect   apps are just demos. They have perfect prompts and controlled data. That's not prompts and controlled data. That's not   prompts and controlled data. That's not how the world actually works. There's how the world actually works. There's   how the world actually works. There's chaos. There's edge cases and there's chaos. There's edge cases and there's   chaos. There's edge cases and there's scale that you always have to worry scale that you always have to worry   scale that you always have to worry about. And so you have all these about. And so you have all these   about. And so you have all these builders coming into the market and builders coming into the market and   builders coming into the market and they're amazing. I love what they're they're amazing. I love what they're   they're amazing. I love what they're doing, right? You can build anything doing, right? You can build anything   doing, right? You can build anything what you you can think of with Replet, what you you can think of with Replet,   what you you can think of with Replet, with Lovable, with Base 44. But how do with Lovable, with Base 44. But how do   with Lovable, with Base 44. But how do you take it so a million people can use you take it so a million people can use   you take it so a million people can use the thing over and over again and it the thing over and over again and it   the thing over and over again and it becomes more and more reliable? You're becomes more and more reliable? You're   becomes more and more reliable? You're probably wondering, why is he wearing probably wondering, why is he wearing   probably wondering, why is he wearing this hat? I'll tell you why. I'm in New this hat? I'll tell you why. I'm in New   this hat? I'll tell you why. I'm in New York City. It's like 30°. I don't want York City. It's like 30°. I don't want   York City. It's like 30°. I don't want to freeze my you know what off, but this to freeze my you know what off, but this   to freeze my you know what off, but this isn't about me. It's about you. You have isn't about me. It's about you. You have   isn't about me. It's about you. You have given us your time watching this video given us your time watching this video   given us your time watching this video and we wanted to make it as easy as and we wanted to make it as easy as   and we wanted to make it as easy as possible for you. So, we turned this possible for you. So, we turned this   possible for you. So, we turned this whole episode into a playbook on our whole episode into a playbook on our   whole episode into a playbook on our website. Just click on the link in the website. Just click on the link in the   website. Just click on the link in the description and you can get the whole description and you can get the whole   description and you can get the whole playbook with prompts, with steps, all playbook with prompts, with steps, all   playbook with prompts, with steps, all the details you need to apply this to the details you need to apply this to   the details you need to apply this to your work. Check it out. Reliability is your work. Check it out. Reliability is   your work. Check it out. Reliability is the production bar. I want everybody to the production bar. I want everybody to   the production bar. I want everybody to keep this in mind that when you're keep this in mind that when you're   keep this in mind that when you're building out your chatbot, when you're building out your chatbot, when you're   building out your chatbot, when you're building out your agent, when you're building out your agent, when you're   building out your agent, when you're building out your eval system, building out your eval system,   building out your eval system, reliability is key. Your system should reliability is key. Your system should   reliability is key. Your system should work the same over and over again, over work the same over and over again, over   work the same over and over again, over and over again, no matter how much and over again, no matter how much   and over again, no matter how much pressure or usage it is hit with. So, pressure or usage it is hit with. So,   pressure or usage it is hit with. So, what is an eval? Somebody asked this in what is an eval? Somebody asked this in   what is an eval? Somebody asked this in the chat when we got started. It's a the chat when we got started. It's a   the chat when we got started. It's a repeatable test that tests your AI repeatable test that tests your AI   repeatable test that tests your AI system in a systematic way. It's a system in a systematic way. It's a   system in a systematic way. It's a deterministic check or a score deterministic check or a score   deterministic check or a score associated with the performance of that associated with the performance of that   associated with the performance of that system. And it's a safety net that you system. And it's a safety net that you   system. And it's a safety net that you can establish to ensure your system is can establish to ensure your system is   can establish to ensure your system is performing the same way. Let me give you performing the same way. Let me give you   performing the same way. Let me give you an example. Let's say you've created a an example. Let's say you've created a   an example. Let's say you've created a chatbot where you're creating a travel chatbot where you're creating a travel   chatbot where you're creating a travel agent that is booking hotels for you. agent that is booking hotels for you.   agent that is booking hotels for you. Well, the repeatable test would be is it Well, the repeatable test would be is it   Well, the repeatable test would be is it booking the right hotel depending on the booking the right hotel depending on the   booking the right hotel depending on the request that comes in from the user. A request that comes in from the user. A   request that comes in from the user. A deterministic check would be that if we deterministic check would be that if we   deterministic check would be that if we sent the same request over a 100 times, sent the same request over a 100 times,   sent the same request over a 100 times, how many times did it book the right how many times did it book the right   how many times did it book the right hotel? And this safety net would be this hotel? And this safety net would be this   hotel? And this safety net would be this test that we run periodically over and test that we run periodically over and   test that we run periodically over and over again to ensure that that value over again to ensure that that value   over again to ensure that that value doesn't drift. And eval is all three of doesn't drift. And eval is all three of   doesn't drift. And eval is all three of these things put together across many these things put together across many   these things put together across many different form factors and many different form factors and many   different form factors and many different structures. Our goal here is different structures. Our goal here is   different structures. Our goal here is that we're testing all the things that that we're testing all the things that   that we're testing all the things that could potentially go wrong so that your could potentially go wrong so that your   could potentially go wrong so that your system is reliable and deterministic as system is reliable and deterministic as   system is reliable and deterministic as much as it can be. Now software much as it can be. Now software   much as it can be. Now software engineering has kind of solved this engineering has kind of solved this   engineering has kind of solved this already where we had these test suites already where we had these test suites   already where we had these test suites and we would run these test suites in and we would run these test suites in   and we would run these test suites in our CI/CD pipeline and the CI/CD our CI/CD pipeline and the CI/CD   our CI/CD pipeline and the CI/CD pipeline would tell tell us if pipeline would tell tell us if   pipeline would tell tell us if everything was passing if everything was everything was passing if everything was   everything was passing if everything was working. Well, this is the same for AI working. Well, this is the same for AI   working. Well, this is the same for AI and AI systems. Evals measure outcomes and AI systems. Evals measure outcomes   and AI systems. Evals measure outcomes and the actual process. So people are and the actual process. So people are   and the actual process. So people are asking in the chat like when do you know asking in the chat like when do you know   asking in the chat like when do you know where there should be an eval? How do where there should be an eval? How do   where there should be an eval? How do you know where to place an eval? Well, you know where to place an eval? Well,   you know where to place an eval? Well, you want to have an eval that is end to you want to have an eval that is end to   you want to have an eval that is end to end at the end. making sure you have end at the end. making sure you have   end at the end. making sure you have like a userfacing eval saying, "Hey, like a userfacing eval saying, "Hey,   like a userfacing eval saying, "Hey, this actually worked or did it." But you this actually worked or did it." But you   this actually worked or did it." But you also want to have evals in the process also want to have evals in the process   also want to have evals in the process or the steps that it takes for the or the steps that it takes for the   or the steps that it takes for the system to actually generate something. system to actually generate something.   system to actually generate something. So if you're retrieving something, that So if you're retrieving something, that   So if you're retrieving something, that might be an eval. If you're checking might be an eval. If you're checking   might be an eval. If you're checking something, that might be an eval. If something, that might be an eval. If   something, that might be an eval. If you're generating something, that might you're generating something, that might   you're generating something, that might be an eval. So as an engineer or even a be an eval. So as an engineer or even a   be an eval. So as an engineer or even a product manager, you want to have the product manager, you want to have the   product manager, you want to have the endto-end eval. endto-end eval.   endto-end eval. One question here just so I understand One question here just so I understand   One question here just so I understand like to the example you gave a minute like to the example you gave a minute   like to the example you gave a minute ago about like booking a hotel. ago about like booking a hotel.   ago about like booking a hotel. &gt;&gt; Yeah. To me that that is pretty like &gt;&gt; Yeah. To me that that is pretty like   &gt;&gt; Yeah. To me that that is pretty like it's pretty um black and white whether it's pretty um black and white whether   it's pretty um black and white whether the job was done properly like the the the job was done properly like the the   the job was done properly like the the right hotel was booked or it was not right hotel was booked or it was not   right hotel was booked or it was not booked. Do eval also work for things booked. Do eval also work for things   booked. Do eval also work for things that are more subjective in nature? So that are more subjective in nature? So   that are more subjective in nature? So let's just say we at 10X built an agent let's just say we at 10X built an agent   let's just say we at 10X built an agent that t you know takes all of our that t you know takes all of our   that t you know takes all of our conversations that we have uh as a team conversations that we have uh as a team   conversations that we have uh as a team and it create like there's this and it create like there's this   and it create like there's this ingestion engine and it creates content ingestion engine and it creates content   ingestion engine and it creates content for us that basically is a content for us that basically is a content   for us that basically is a content engine for the organization and for each engine for the organization and for each   engine for the organization and for each of our engineers that is subjective in of our engineers that is subjective in   of our engineers that is subjective in nature right like it whether a piece of nature right like it whether a piece of   nature right like it whether a piece of content is good to the engineer who's content is good to the engineer who's   content is good to the engineer who's posting it from their Twitter um is up posting it from their Twitter um is up   posting it from their Twitter um is up to them their taste whether they think to them their taste whether they think   to them their taste whether they think it sounds like them can you do emails on it sounds like them can you do emails on   it sounds like them can you do emails on something like that or can it only be something like that or can it only be   something like that or can it only be done on something that's purely done on something that's purely   done on something that's purely objective? No, you could 100% run an objective? No, you could 100% run an   objective? No, you could 100% run an eval on something subjective like that. eval on something subjective like that.   eval on something subjective like that. Here's how. You have a human being that Here's how. You have a human being that   Here's how. You have a human being that can judge the input output of something can judge the input output of something   can judge the input output of something like that, right? Um, Alex, if you look like that, right? Um, Alex, if you look   like that, right? Um, Alex, if you look at the ingestion across 10x and you say at the ingestion across 10x and you say   at the ingestion across 10x and you say that I want to pull all the Slack that I want to pull all the Slack   that I want to pull all the Slack messages between me and Arman and I want messages between me and Arman and I want   messages between me and Arman and I want to grab our thought process on what uh to grab our thought process on what uh   to grab our thought process on what uh 2036 H1 goals look like. Well, you can 2036 H1 goals look like. Well, you can   2036 H1 goals look like. Well, you can grab all that information, see all the grab all that information, see all the   grab all that information, see all the retrieved information and then see the retrieved information and then see the   retrieved information and then see the generated output. So even if it is generated output. So even if it is   generated output. So even if it is subjective in nature, we can have like a subjective in nature, we can have like a   subjective in nature, we can have like a sort of a rubric which I'll show in just sort of a rubric which I'll show in just   sort of a rubric which I'll show in just a second or we can have um a human like a second or we can have um a human like   a second or we can have um a human like subject matter expert like you or Arman subject matter expert like you or Arman   subject matter expert like you or Arman come in and say hey this actually come in and say hey this actually   come in and say hey this actually performed the way it was supposed to performed the way it was supposed to   performed the way it was supposed to perform. It retrieved the right perform. It retrieved the right   perform. It retrieved the right information. It generated out something information. It generated out something   information. It generated out something that is usable and it sort of performed that is usable and it sort of performed   that is usable and it sort of performed the task that we're looking for. So you the task that we're looking for. So you   the task that we're looking for. So you can take that subjective thing and sort can take that subjective thing and sort   can take that subjective thing and sort of break it down into different areas. of break it down into different areas.   of break it down into different areas. So for for me production is pressure and So for for me production is pressure and   So for for me production is pressure and repetition. So every time we build this repetition. So every time we build this   repetition. So every time we build this application, whether we're vibe coding application, whether we're vibe coding   application, whether we're vibe coding or not, um the thing that you should or not, um the thing that you should   or not, um the thing that you should always think about is pressure and always think about is pressure and   always think about is pressure and repetition. If I did this a million repetition. If I did this a million   repetition. If I did this a million times over, would it perform the same times over, would it perform the same   times over, would it perform the same exact way over and over again? Um and exact way over and over again? Um and   exact way over and over again? Um and that is what true production mode means. that is what true production mode means.   that is what true production mode means. What eval do is you build your AI What eval do is you build your AI   What eval do is you build your AI system, you measure how well it system, you measure how well it   system, you measure how well it performs, then you can fix certain performs, then you can fix certain   performs, then you can fix certain things based on that performance. things based on that performance.   things based on that performance. Whether that's updating a prompt, Whether that's updating a prompt,   Whether that's updating a prompt, whether that's changing a tool call, whether that's changing a tool call,   whether that's changing a tool call, whether that's changing out the model whether that's changing out the model   whether that's changing out the model that is actually being used, whether that is actually being used, whether   that is actually being used, whether that's using reinforcement learning or that's using reinforcement learning or   that's using reinforcement learning or deciding that hey, maybe we should deciding that hey, maybe we should   deciding that hey, maybe we should fine-tune our own model. All of it this fine-tune our own model. All of it this   fine-tune our own model. All of it this should be done based on deterministic should be done based on deterministic   should be done based on deterministic scores that you've sort of ran over and scores that you've sort of ran over and   scores that you've sort of ran over and over again across your system. Once you over again across your system. Once you   over again across your system. Once you do this, you can repeat this iteration do this, you can repeat this iteration   do this, you can repeat this iteration cycle over and over again. Today, here's cycle over and over again. Today, here's   cycle over and over again. Today, here's what we're going to do. I've built an what we're going to do. I've built an   what we're going to do. I've built an agent called Ask Acme. Now, if you've agent called Ask Acme. Now, if you've   agent called Ask Acme. Now, if you've used um any of the component libraries used um any of the component libraries   used um any of the component libraries for React, you know what Acme is. It's for React, you know what Acme is. It's   for React, you know what Acme is. It's your um really famous fake company. This your um really famous fake company. This   your um really famous fake company. This fake company today that I've built for fake company today that I've built for   fake company today that I've built for you is going to have an orchestrator you is going to have an orchestrator   you is going to have an orchestrator agent that can have vector search, run agent that can have vector search, run   agent that can have vector search, run SQL queries, or hit MCP tools. And the SQL queries, or hit MCP tools. And the   SQL queries, or hit MCP tools. And the thought process of this is imagine you thought process of this is imagine you   thought process of this is imagine you had a second brain for your company and had a second brain for your company and   had a second brain for your company and had all the knowledge across many had all the knowledge across many   had all the knowledge across many different fragmented sources. You can do different fragmented sources. You can do   different fragmented sources. You can do a vector search across all your a vector search across all your   a vector search across all your documents like your SOPs or your API documents like your SOPs or your API   documents like your SOPs or your API documents. You can build a SQL query and documents. You can build a SQL query and   documents. You can build a SQL query and do it uh a SQL query on top of your do it uh a SQL query on top of your   do it uh a SQL query on top of your Postgress database or you can use an MCP Postgress database or you can use an MCP   Postgress database or you can use an MCP tool up on top of Jer or Slack. This is tool up on top of Jer or Slack. This is   tool up on top of Jer or Slack. This is something that is very common type of something that is very common type of   something that is very common type of system that everybody tries to build and system that everybody tries to build and   system that everybody tries to build and it's going to be sort of the starting it's going to be sort of the starting   it's going to be sort of the starting point that we build together using the point that we build together using the   point that we build together using the repo I've shared. Again, this is like repo I've shared. Again, this is like   repo I've shared. Again, this is like your second brain, right? So you can add your second brain, right? So you can add   your second brain, right? So you can add evals across all the decisions being evals across all the decisions being   evals across all the decisions being made. You're going to have evals across made. You're going to have evals across   made. You're going to have evals across all the different scenarios that may be all the different scenarios that may be   all the different scenarios that may be coming in by job type. And we're going coming in by job type. And we're going   coming in by job type. And we're going to see if we're able to build out a to see if we're able to build out a   to see if we're able to build out a system that is more robust than just system that is more robust than just   system that is more robust than just that generic first demo. Now, why is that generic first demo. Now, why is   that generic first demo. Now, why is this perfect? The reason I've chosen this perfect? The reason I've chosen   this perfect? The reason I've chosen this example is because I wanted to give this example is because I wanted to give   this example is because I wanted to give you examples across multiple decisions you examples across multiple decisions   you examples across multiple decisions that the agent could make. So, you can that the agent could make. So, you can   that the agent could make. So, you can go to SQL, you can go to vector search, go to SQL, you can go to vector search,   go to SQL, you can go to vector search, or you can go to the MCPS. I want to or you can go to the MCPS. I want to   or you can go to the MCPS. I want to showcase uh the eval on top of showcase uh the eval on top of   showcase uh the eval on top of retrieval. that's uh people don't think retrieval. that's uh people don't think   retrieval. that's uh people don't think about like when you're actually about like when you're actually   about like when you're actually retrieving those vectors and trying to retrieving those vectors and trying to   retrieving those vectors and trying to do similarity search. And then finally, do similarity search. And then finally,   do similarity search. And then finally, I want to showcase the multi-tool aspect I want to showcase the multi-tool aspect   I want to showcase the multi-tool aspect of this, how you can have multiple of this, how you can have multiple   of this, how you can have multiple things going on at once and see what things going on at once and see what   things going on at once and see what could go wrong. And this is the could go wrong. And this is the   could go wrong. And this is the maturity. We're going to sort of walk maturity. We're going to sort of walk   maturity. We're going to sort of walk through. I'll do the environment setup. through. I'll do the environment setup.   through. I'll do the environment setup. We'll seed some data, build the agent. We'll seed some data, build the agent.   We'll seed some data, build the agent. This is all done for you and you can use This is all done for you and you can use   This is all done for you and you can use cloud code right on top of it. And then cloud code right on top of it. And then   cloud code right on top of it. And then I'll walk through the process of stage I'll walk through the process of stage   I'll walk through the process of stage one through five and the actual creation one through five and the actual creation   one through five and the actual creation of the EDOS. of the EDOS.   of the EDOS. All right. Any questions so far in the All right. Any questions so far in the   All right. Any questions so far in the chat? chat?   chat? &gt;&gt; So, just a few things that we've gotten &gt;&gt; So, just a few things that we've gotten   &gt;&gt; So, just a few things that we've gotten just maybe to keep top of mind. Matt just maybe to keep top of mind. Matt   just maybe to keep top of mind. Matt said the answer to Alex's question said the answer to Alex's question   said the answer to Alex's question sounded like a human doing the quote sounded like a human doing the quote   sounded like a human doing the quote unquote quality check eval and not an unquote quality check eval and not an   unquote quality check eval and not an automated system. I I might have automated system. I I might have   automated system. I I might have misunderstood. Could you elaborate on misunderstood. Could you elaborate on   misunderstood. Could you elaborate on ways to have the AI eval the subjective ways to have the AI eval the subjective   ways to have the AI eval the subjective output and its limitations? I think what output and its limitations? I think what   output and its limitations? I think what they're basically saying is at scale they're basically saying is at scale   they're basically saying is at scale it's not realistic for me to do uh kind it's not realistic for me to do uh kind   it's not realistic for me to do uh kind of all the eval. Can you automate of all the eval. Can you automate   of all the eval. Can you automate subjective evals? Yes. So what happens subjective evals? Yes. So what happens   subjective evals? Yes. So what happens is you want to calibrate the AI to the is you want to calibrate the AI to the   is you want to calibrate the AI to the human for the ebal. So I'll give you an human for the ebal. So I'll give you an   human for the ebal. So I'll give you an example of this. We built an AI tutor. example of this. We built an AI tutor.   example of this. We built an AI tutor. The AI tutor basically had a rubric that The AI tutor basically had a rubric that   The AI tutor basically had a rubric that we created based on accuracy, based on we created based on accuracy, based on   we created based on accuracy, based on completeness, groundedness, so on and so completeness, groundedness, so on and so   completeness, groundedness, so on and so forth. At first it was our teachers and forth. At first it was our teachers and   forth. At first it was our teachers and our professors that would come in and our professors that would come in and   our professors that would come in and grade it based on all the different grade it based on all the different   grade it based on all the different categories. Then we had an LLM coming in categories. Then we had an LLM coming in   categories. Then we had an LLM coming in to check and see the input output pairs. to check and see the input output pairs.   to check and see the input output pairs. But we would calibrate the LLM to the But we would calibrate the LLM to the   But we would calibrate the LLM to the human um scores and grades. So the goal human um scores and grades. So the goal   human um scores and grades. So the goal would be that the grade that the human would be that the grade that the human   would be that the grade that the human was going to give was equivalent to the was going to give was equivalent to the   was going to give was equivalent to the grade that the AI was going to give. grade that the AI was going to give.   grade that the AI was going to give. When you reach that point in When you reach that point in   When you reach that point in calibration, then you can sort of say, calibration, then you can sort of say,   calibration, then you can sort of say, okay, I'm going to automate this entire okay, I'm going to automate this entire   okay, I'm going to automate this entire system and have the LLM start grading system and have the LLM start grading   system and have the LLM start grading across multiple different records. So across multiple different records. So   across multiple different records. So the thought process here is you have to the thought process here is you have to   the thought process here is you have to sort of build up to that. You have to sort of build up to that. You have to   sort of build up to that. You have to have the human annotate the SME come in have the human annotate the SME come in   have the human annotate the SME come in and actually say, "Hey, this is good. and actually say, "Hey, this is good.   and actually say, "Hey, this is good. This is bad." So on and so forth. Use This is bad." So on and so forth. Use   This is bad." So on and so forth. Use that information to then automate the that information to then automate the   that information to then automate the AI. AI.   AI. &gt;&gt; Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Does that make sense?   &gt;&gt; Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Awesome. Yeah, that's great. Was there &gt;&gt; Awesome. Yeah, that's great. Was there   &gt;&gt; Awesome. Yeah, that's great. Was there any more questions? any more questions?   any more questions? &gt;&gt; I think that's good for now. I think &gt;&gt; I think that's good for now. I think   &gt;&gt; I think that's good for now. I think once you actually build kind of the eval once you actually build kind of the eval   once you actually build kind of the eval system, there's going to be questions system, there's going to be questions   system, there's going to be questions around like um someone asked um how do around like um someone asked um how do   around like um someone asked um how do you make sure your evals are not you make sure your evals are not   you make sure your evals are not impacting impacting   impacting um performance as the system scales and um performance as the system scales and   um performance as the system scales and also how often should you check evals in also how often should you check evals in   also how often should you check evals in a production system since with LLMs they a production system since with LLMs they   a production system since with LLMs they could be generating new content every could be generating new content every   could be generating new content every minute for example. So feel free to take minute for example. So feel free to take   minute for example. So feel free to take those questions if and when it makes those questions if and when it makes   those questions if and when it makes sense but those are like kind of once sense but those are like kind of once   sense but those are like kind of once you've implemented the system. you've implemented the system.   you've implemented the system. &gt;&gt; Okay, sounds good. So cool. &gt;&gt; Okay, sounds good. So cool.   &gt;&gt; Okay, sounds good. So cool. &gt;&gt; For those who are following along live, &gt;&gt; For those who are following along live,   &gt;&gt; For those who are following along live, you can sort of grab the repo and clone you can sort of grab the repo and clone   you can sort of grab the repo and clone it directly. Um whether you're super it directly. Um whether you're super   it directly. Um whether you're super technical or not, you can ask cloud code technical or not, you can ask cloud code   technical or not, you can ask cloud code or cursor to run a lot of these or cursor to run a lot of these   or cursor to run a lot of these different folders for you. What I've different folders for you. What I've   different folders for you. What I've done is I've not set up this repo in a done is I've not set up this repo in a   done is I've not set up this repo in a traditional software sense. What I've traditional software sense. What I've   traditional software sense. What I've done is I've taken each aspect or stage done is I've taken each aspect or stage   done is I've taken each aspect or stage in my thought process and put it in a in my thought process and put it in a   in my thought process and put it in a specific directory. So whether it's a specific directory. So whether it's a   specific directory. So whether it's a setup, whether it's an environment, setup, whether it's an environment,   setup, whether it's an environment, whether it's seating, whether it's whether it's seating, whether it's   whether it's seating, whether it's actually the harnesses, what I'm doing actually the harnesses, what I'm doing   actually the harnesses, what I'm doing is I'm walking you through the process is I'm walking you through the process   is I'm walking you through the process by which I would go and add more by which I would go and add more   by which I would go and add more maturity to my evals. To start off, you maturity to my evals. To start off, you   maturity to my evals. To start off, you just have to have Docker Desktop running just have to have Docker Desktop running   just have to have Docker Desktop running in the background to set up the initial in the background to set up the initial   in the background to set up the initial agent. So if you have not downloaded agent. So if you have not downloaded   agent. So if you have not downloaded that, make sure you do so. You're going that, make sure you do so. You're going   that, make sure you do so. You're going to go in here, and I have this document to go in here, and I have this document   to go in here, and I have this document that says start here, which has all the that says start here, which has all the   that says start here, which has all the commands you have to actually run. If commands you have to actually run. If   commands you have to actually run. If you tell cloud code, it can also run all you tell cloud code, it can also run all   you tell cloud code, it can also run all the commands directly. But essentially, the commands directly. But essentially,   the commands directly. But essentially, all you're doing is you're going to walk all you're doing is you're going to walk   all you're doing is you're going to walk into the setup within the environment into the setup within the environment   into the setup within the environment and you're going to compose your docker and you're going to compose your docker   and you're going to compose your docker containers which have your vector containers which have your vector   containers which have your vector database through MongoDB and a sort of database through MongoDB and a sort of   database through MongoDB and a sort of Postgress database that you can use for Postgress database that you can use for   Postgress database that you can use for your SQL search. your SQL search.   your SQL search. And so based sorry if I could just jump And so based sorry if I could just jump   And so based sorry if I could just jump in looking at this. This is gorgeous. in looking at this. This is gorgeous.   in looking at this. This is gorgeous. This is like the most beautiful tutorial This is like the most beautiful tutorial   This is like the most beautiful tutorial set up for everybody and like it's no set up for everybody and like it's no   set up for everybody and like it's no wonder you guys teach people how to use wonder you guys teach people how to use   wonder you guys teach people how to use AI for a living. But I just want AI for a living. But I just want   AI for a living. But I just want everyone to realize like this is a everyone to realize like this is a   everyone to realize like this is a completely scaffolded project. If completely scaffolded project. If   completely scaffolded project. If whether you're sitting back and just whether you're sitting back and just   whether you're sitting back and just watching right now or later on you can watching right now or later on you can   watching right now or later on you can rewatch and go through it. This is rewatch and go through it. This is   rewatch and go through it. This is literally like Ash, you set up a literally like Ash, you set up a   literally like Ash, you set up a stepbystep tutorial for everybody. Um, stepbystep tutorial for everybody. Um,   stepbystep tutorial for everybody. Um, and I just think like like taking a step and I just think like like taking a step   and I just think like like taking a step back to realize that they can follow back to realize that they can follow   back to realize that they can follow along right now. Whether you're along right now. Whether you're   along right now. Whether you're technical and you want to do it right technical and you want to do it right   technical and you want to do it right now because you already have familiarity now because you already have familiarity   now because you already have familiarity with these tools, that's great. But if with these tools, that's great. But if   with these tools, that's great. But if you don't, you can come back later. You you don't, you can come back later. You   you don't, you can come back later. You can use Claude Code to explain every can use Claude Code to explain every   can use Claude Code to explain every part of this to you with the video up part of this to you with the video up   part of this to you with the video up next to you and you can use this even if next to you and you can use this even if   next to you and you can use this even if you're non-technical to get caught up you're non-technical to get caught up   you're non-technical to get caught up right after watching this, right? right after watching this, right?   right after watching this, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. And I've gone as far as &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. And I've gone as far as   &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. And I've gone as far as creating uh Python notebooks in each of creating uh Python notebooks in each of   creating uh Python notebooks in each of the stages. So if you want to actually the stages. So if you want to actually   the stages. So if you want to actually walk through like my thought process, walk through like my thought process,   walk through like my thought process, you can do so within the notebooks. So I you can do so within the notebooks. So I   you can do so within the notebooks. So I wanted to make this as like uh wanted to make this as like uh   wanted to make this as like uh ingestable as possible and there's no ingestable as possible and there's no   ingestable as possible and there's no way you know over the entire 30 40 way you know over the entire 30 40   way you know over the entire 30 40 minutes I'm able to cover everything. minutes I'm able to cover everything.   minutes I'm able to cover everything. But if you take this open source project But if you take this open source project   But if you take this open source project and just walk through it, you'll learn and just walk through it, you'll learn   and just walk through it, you'll learn at least the first five stages. at least the first five stages.   at least the first five stages. &gt;&gt; There's a lot of uh a lot of Ash fanboys &gt;&gt; There's a lot of uh a lot of Ash fanboys   &gt;&gt; There's a lot of uh a lot of Ash fanboys in the chat. Just want to uh give you in the chat. Just want to uh give you   in the chat. Just want to uh give you your flowers. But one thing I before we your flowers. But one thing I before we   your flowers. But one thing I before we hop into this cuz I think we're going to hop into this cuz I think we're going to   hop into this cuz I think we're going to we're going to get very in the weeds of we're going to get very in the weeds of   we're going to get very in the weeds of this which I think is really valuable. this which I think is really valuable.   this which I think is really valuable. But I just want you to reiterate cuz you But I just want you to reiterate cuz you   But I just want you to reiterate cuz you talked about like what evals are. You talked about like what evals are. You   talked about like what evals are. You started this conversation by sharing started this conversation by sharing   started this conversation by sharing like how do we take something from MVP like how do we take something from MVP   like how do we take something from MVP like you vibe coded a lovable app or you like you vibe coded a lovable app or you   like you vibe coded a lovable app or you know some something that you're know some something that you're   know some something that you're non-technical. You built this app that non-technical. You built this app that   non-technical. You built this app that works for you and maybe a few friends works for you and maybe a few friends   works for you and maybe a few friends and you want to get it to production. and you want to get it to production.   and you want to get it to production. just like reiterate for people just like reiterate for people   just like reiterate for people especially in like a business uh context especially in like a business uh context   especially in like a business uh context or an enterprise context why eval are so or an enterprise context why eval are so   or an enterprise context why eval are so incredibly important to to be able to incredibly important to to be able to   incredibly important to to be able to use AI in a company context. use AI in a company context.   use AI in a company context. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So when I mean I can talk about &gt;&gt; Yeah. So when I mean I can talk about   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So when I mean I can talk about the different hiring partners that we the different hiring partners that we   the different hiring partners that we work with or even in our corporate work with or even in our corporate   work with or even in our corporate training settings. Nobody cares if your training settings. Nobody cares if your   training settings. Nobody cares if your demo works once. Like that's not the demo works once. Like that's not the   demo works once. Like that's not the point. Like who cares if it's able to point. Like who cares if it's able to   point. Like who cares if it's able to answer three or four questions here and answer three or four questions here and   answer three or four questions here and there? Is it actually moving for the there? Is it actually moving for the   there? Is it actually moving for the needle in terms of ROI for the business? needle in terms of ROI for the business?   needle in terms of ROI for the business? So every time whether it's in our So every time whether it's in our   So every time whether it's in our corporate training or with one of our corporate training or with one of our   corporate training or with one of our hiring partners, the question I always hiring partners, the question I always   hiring partners, the question I always get is, yeah, this is all cool, but like get is, yeah, this is all cool, but like   get is, yeah, this is all cool, but like when we go to production, what do we when we go to production, what do we   when we go to production, what do we need to do? And production means that need to do? And production means that   need to do? And production means that you can have 18 different versions of you can have 18 different versions of   you can have 18 different versions of the same question, but it performs the the same question, but it performs the   the same question, but it performs the same way. You can have a 10,000 people same way. You can have a 10,000 people   same way. You can have a 10,000 people interacting with your eval set, with interacting with your eval set, with   interacting with your eval set, with your AI system, and it's always going to your AI system, and it's always going to   your AI system, and it's always going to perform and be successful. And the goal perform and be successful. And the goal   perform and be successful. And the goal with eval is how do I give you a with eval is how do I give you a   with eval is how do I give you a systematic approach to ensure you're systematic approach to ensure you're   systematic approach to ensure you're headed towards that production value headed towards that production value   headed towards that production value enterprise system. When I think of enterprise system. When I think of   enterprise system. When I think of agents in the ecosystem right now, I agents in the ecosystem right now, I   agents in the ecosystem right now, I think of Manis, I think of cursor. I think of Manis, I think of cursor. I   think of Manis, I think of cursor. I think of claude code. If you want to think of claude code. If you want to   think of claude code. If you want to build something at that level, then eval build something at that level, then eval   build something at that level, then eval are necessary because you need insight are necessary because you need insight   are necessary because you need insight into what's going wrong. You need into what's going wrong. You need   into what's going wrong. You need insight into how to actually implement insight into how to actually implement   insight into how to actually implement and change different aspects of your and change different aspects of your   and change different aspects of your system configuration to make things system configuration to make things   system configuration to make things better. And you need to do this over and better. And you need to do this over and   better. And you need to do this over and over again over let's say weeks, months over again over let's say weeks, months   over again over let's say weeks, months and years. Um I think people are afraid and years. Um I think people are afraid   and years. Um I think people are afraid like what happens with software like what happens with software   like what happens with software engineers and product managers and so so engineers and product managers and so so   engineers and product managers and so so on and so forth. I think eval become the on and so forth. I think eval become the   on and so forth. I think eval become the crux of what we're trying to do. We do a crux of what we're trying to do. We do a   crux of what we're trying to do. We do a ton of code review. We do a ton of ton of code review. We do a ton of   ton of code review. We do a ton of evaluation on a lot of these agents and evaluation on a lot of these agents and   evaluation on a lot of these agents and we make sure that these systems perform we make sure that these systems perform   we make sure that these systems perform at a high scale. at a high scale.   at a high scale. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. And just just to add to &gt;&gt; Absolutely. And just just to add to   &gt;&gt; Absolutely. And just just to add to that, I would say that a lot of the that, I would say that a lot of the   that, I would say that a lot of the clients that we talk to at 10X, like the clients that we talk to at 10X, like the   clients that we talk to at 10X, like the big thing is companies want to leverage big thing is companies want to leverage   big thing is companies want to leverage AI within their organizations because AI within their organizations because   AI within their organizations because they know the leverage it can create for they know the leverage it can create for   they know the leverage it can create for them. But there's like one word that them. But there's like one word that   them. But there's like one word that makes them fearful, which is trust. Can makes them fearful, which is trust. Can   makes them fearful, which is trust. Can we trust that this technology is going we trust that this technology is going   we trust that this technology is going to behave in the way we want it to to behave in the way we want it to   to behave in the way we want it to behave? And also that the cost of behave? And also that the cost of   behave? And also that the cost of failure of it not behaving that way failure of it not behaving that way   failure of it not behaving that way won't be insurmountable. So to your won't be insurmountable. So to your   won't be insurmountable. So to your point like this is this at its core is point like this is this at its core is   point like this is this at its core is like trying to solve the problem of like trying to solve the problem of   like trying to solve the problem of trust at scale for companies using this trust at scale for companies using this   trust at scale for companies using this technology. technology.   technology. &gt;&gt; Uh we know we know what's actually crazy &gt;&gt; Uh we know we know what's actually crazy   &gt;&gt; Uh we know we know what's actually crazy like if you think about a world where like if you think about a world where   like if you think about a world where all these agents become so good it could all these agents become so good it could   all these agents become so good it could build whatever you want in your head build whatever you want in your head   build whatever you want in your head like you can take any SAS and just clone like you can take any SAS and just clone   like you can take any SAS and just clone it. Then what is your moat? Your mo is it. Then what is your moat? Your mo is   it. Then what is your moat? Your mo is any data you have that is specific to any data you have that is specific to   any data you have that is specific to you or it's your eval set that makes you or it's your eval set that makes   you or it's your eval set that makes your system way more reliable than your system way more reliable than   your system way more reliable than anybody else. So I really think eval are anybody else. So I really think eval are   anybody else. So I really think eval are the skill like if you're an engineer the skill like if you're an engineer   the skill like if you're an engineer right now go and learn evals. right now go and learn evals.   right now go and learn evals. &gt;&gt; Love it. Sweet. Let's fire it up. &gt;&gt; Love it. Sweet. Let's fire it up.   &gt;&gt; Love it. Sweet. Let's fire it up. &gt;&gt; Okay. I just um created the environment. &gt;&gt; Okay. I just um created the environment.   &gt;&gt; Okay. I just um created the environment. If you haven't used UV before all I'm If you haven't used UV before all I'm   If you haven't used UV before all I'm doing is setting up all the libraries uh doing is setting up all the libraries uh   doing is setting up all the libraries uh necessary for our agent here. Um, again, necessary for our agent here. Um, again,   necessary for our agent here. Um, again, what I've done is I've used Langraph uh what I've done is I've used Langraph uh   what I've done is I've used Langraph uh on top of some other MCPs. The MCP on top of some other MCPs. The MCP   on top of some other MCPs. The MCP connection is just the dummy connection. connection is just the dummy connection.   connection is just the dummy connection. We're not actually going to hit any uh We're not actually going to hit any uh   We're not actually going to hit any uh real Jer or Slack instance. I wanted to real Jer or Slack instance. I wanted to   real Jer or Slack instance. I wanted to this entire thing to be containerized so this entire thing to be containerized so   this entire thing to be containerized so I can show you guys end to end what's I can show you guys end to end what's   I can show you guys end to end what's going on. So, I'm just going to seed going on. So, I'm just going to seed   going on. So, I'm just going to seed this entire thing.       And you'll notice that I'm actually And you'll notice that I'm actually   And you'll notice that I'm actually trying to seed this with synthetic data trying to seed this with synthetic data   trying to seed this with synthetic data that sort of reflects what a real that sort of reflects what a real   that sort of reflects what a real company would have. It's not at the company would have. It's not at the   company would have. It's not at the scale a real company would have, but it scale a real company would have, but it   scale a real company would have, but it does mimic what's happening. I've also does mimic what's happening. I've also   does mimic what's happening. I've also tried to put really nice logging for tried to put really nice logging for   tried to put really nice logging for your claw code or cursor or whatever your claw code or cursor or whatever   your claw code or cursor or whatever you're using. So you can use that those you're using. So you can use that those   you're using. So you can use that those logs as context for the next steps to logs as context for the next steps to   logs as context for the next steps to take. In this scenario, our MongoDB take. In this scenario, our MongoDB   take. In this scenario, our MongoDB vector database has like a pricing vector database has like a pricing   vector database has like a pricing strategy, our roadmap for 2025, our strategy, our roadmap for 2025, our   strategy, our roadmap for 2025, our remote work policy, different incidents remote work policy, different incidents   remote work policy, different incidents reporting on call handbook, different reporting on call handbook, different   reporting on call handbook, different documents that a fake company might documents that a fake company might   documents that a fake company might have. Our Postgress database has 26 have. Our Postgress database has 26   have. Our Postgress database has 26 customers in it, uh different refund customers in it, uh different refund   customers in it, uh different refund policies, uh different transactions and policies, uh different transactions and   policies, uh different transactions and different uh more employee information. different uh more employee information.   different uh more employee information. And then I have two uh fake MCPs with a And then I have two uh fake MCPs with a   And then I have two uh fake MCPs with a Jira with like eight tickets and a Slack Jira with like eight tickets and a Slack   Jira with like eight tickets and a Slack with like 23 messages. At this point, with like 23 messages. At this point,   with like 23 messages. At this point, you're ready to build out your agent. you're ready to build out your agent.   you're ready to build out your agent. So, all you have to do is go back out So, all you have to do is go back out   So, all you have to do is go back out and we can go into our directory called and we can go into our directory called   and we can go into our directory called set up the agent. You'll notice that set up the agent. You'll notice that   set up the agent. You'll notice that because this is a learning environment, because this is a learning environment,   because this is a learning environment, all you're really doing is travel going all you're really doing is travel going   all you're really doing is travel going from directory to directory to directory from directory to directory to directory   from directory to directory to directory to set up the tutorial. And then as you to set up the tutorial. And then as you   to set up the tutorial. And then as you walk through the tutorial, it'll walk walk through the tutorial, it'll walk   walk through the tutorial, it'll walk through the creation of the evals.       &gt;&gt; Okay. And then inside of the agent and &gt;&gt; Okay. And then inside of the agent and   &gt;&gt; Okay. And then inside of the agent and inside of each of the stages, I have a inside of each of the stages, I have a   inside of each of the stages, I have a couple of things here for you. One is a couple of things here for you. One is a   couple of things here for you. One is a Python notebook. So if you want like a Python notebook. So if you want like a   Python notebook. So if you want like a real nice breakdown of what's going on real nice breakdown of what's going on   real nice breakdown of what's going on and you don't want to just it it kind of and you don't want to just it it kind of   and you don't want to just it it kind of running in the terminal, but like you running in the terminal, but like you   running in the terminal, but like you want my thought process, what I've been want my thought process, what I've been   want my thought process, what I've been saying, so so on and so forth, like the saying, so so on and so forth, like the   saying, so so on and so forth, like the different tidbits of information, then different tidbits of information, then   different tidbits of information, then the notebook will walk you through that the notebook will walk you through that   the notebook will walk you through that in like a very slow pace. If you're more in like a very slow pace. If you're more   in like a very slow pace. If you're more technical, you kind of understand what's technical, you kind of understand what's   technical, you kind of understand what's already going on, you just want to kind already going on, you just want to kind   already going on, you just want to kind of run everything, then you can just run of run everything, then you can just run   of run everything, then you can just run the Python files directly for this, I'm the Python files directly for this, I'm   the Python files directly for this, I'm going to run the notebook just to going to run the notebook just to   going to run the notebook just to showcase what's happening.       Yeah. And so just as you're doing this Yeah. And so just as you're doing this   Yeah. And so just as you're doing this for um for the non-technical folks uh for um for the non-technical folks uh   for um for the non-technical folks uh that are watching uh like myself, what that are watching uh like myself, what   that are watching uh like myself, what exactly is happening right now? So exactly is happening right now? So   exactly is happening right now? So you're running this Python notebook. you're running this Python notebook.   you're running this Python notebook. What is it actually doing in practice? What is it actually doing in practice?   What is it actually doing in practice? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So what's happening is it's taking &gt;&gt; Yeah. So what's happening is it's taking   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So what's happening is it's taking um what I've just built which is the um what I've just built which is the   um what I've just built which is the agent with the vector search, the SQL agent with the vector search, the SQL   agent with the vector search, the SQL query search and the two MCPS and it's query search and the two MCPS and it's   query search and the two MCPS and it's creating this demo environment where you creating this demo environment where you   creating this demo environment where you can try out different questions. So here can try out different questions. So here   can try out different questions. So here what I've done is I've created just a what I've done is I've created just a   what I've done is I've created just a containerized version of a notebook containerized version of a notebook   containerized version of a notebook where you can see all the different where you can see all the different   where you can see all the different searches it can do, all the different searches it can do, all the different   searches it can do, all the different questions it can ask and you can questions it can ask and you can   questions it can ask and you can actually um edit this and run it live. actually um edit this and run it live.   actually um edit this and run it live. So if I if I were to just run all the So if I if I were to just run all the   So if I if I were to just run all the cells       Okay. So, here you'll notice that I give Okay. So, here you'll notice that I give   Okay. So, here you'll notice that I give an example of the vector search our an example of the vector search our   an example of the vector search our little orchestrator can do. And you'll little orchestrator can do. And you'll   little orchestrator can do. And you'll notice I put a little source here so you notice I put a little source here so you   notice I put a little source here so you can see where that information is coming can see where that information is coming   can see where that information is coming from. You'll notice the SQL search it's from. You'll notice the SQL search it's   from. You'll notice the SQL search it's able to do. You'll notice that it's able able to do. You'll notice that it's able   able to do. You'll notice that it's able to go into your Jira tickets. You'll to go into your Jira tickets. You'll   to go into your Jira tickets. You'll notice that it's able to go into your notice that it's able to go into your   notice that it's able to go into your Slack conversations. You'll notice that Slack conversations. You'll notice that   Slack conversations. You'll notice that it's able to actually do multi-tool it's able to actually do multi-tool   it's able to actually do multi-tool queries. So if if I needed to grab queries. So if if I needed to grab   queries. So if if I needed to grab something from the vector store and I something from the vector store and I   something from the vector store and I need to grab something from SQL, I could need to grab something from SQL, I could   need to grab something from SQL, I could do do so automatically. So this is just do do so automatically. So this is just   do do so automatically. So this is just to so showcase the ask acme agent that to so showcase the ask acme agent that   to so showcase the ask acme agent that we're going to sort of start off with. we're going to sort of start off with.   we're going to sort of start off with. This is your demo like you know this is This is your demo like you know this is   This is your demo like you know this is the guy this is the thing you see on the guy this is the thing you see on   the guy this is the thing you see on Twitter where people are sort of going Twitter where people are sort of going   Twitter where people are sort of going through all their fragmented pieces of through all their fragmented pieces of   through all their fragmented pieces of information and showcasing to you guys. information and showcasing to you guys.   information and showcasing to you guys. Imagine if all your information was in Imagine if all your information was in   Imagine if all your information was in one place and you can talk to your one place and you can talk to your   one place and you can talk to your company second brain. Well, Ash just company second brain. Well, Ash just   company second brain. Well, Ash just created that in like 15 minutes. So, created that in like 15 minutes. So,   created that in like 15 minutes. So, what's the point now? It it's kind of what's the point now? It it's kind of   what's the point now? It it's kind of working, right? No, it's not working. working, right? No, it's not working.   working, right? No, it's not working. And I'll show you why. Uh, we're going And I'll show you why. Uh, we're going   And I'll show you why. Uh, we're going to walk by we're going to start off by to walk by we're going to start off by   to walk by we're going to start off by creating the first EVA, which is called creating the first EVA, which is called   creating the first EVA, which is called golden sets. So a golden set is going to golden sets. So a golden set is going to   golden sets. So a golden set is going to be 30 test cases that you, your product be 30 test cases that you, your product   be 30 test cases that you, your product manager, your team identifies that you manager, your team identifies that you   manager, your team identifies that you run your entire system through to see if run your entire system through to see if   run your entire system through to see if they're actually performing at the level they're actually performing at the level   they're actually performing at the level they should. To run the golden set on they should. To run the golden set on   they should. To run the golden set on this repo, all you're going to do is this repo, all you're going to do is   this repo, all you're going to do is close off this notebook. You're going to close off this notebook. You're going to   close off this notebook. You're going to go outside and you're going to go into go outside and you're going to go into   go outside and you're going to go into the stage one notebook for the golden the stage one notebook for the golden   the stage one notebook for the golden set.       I love the uh sound effects that I'm I love the uh sound effects that I'm   I love the uh sound effects that I'm getting when you run a command. I feel getting when you run a command. I feel   getting when you run a command. I feel like I'm in a game right now. like I'm in a game right now.   like I'm in a game right now. &gt;&gt; Well, I was going to turn them off and &gt;&gt; Well, I was going to turn them off and   &gt;&gt; Well, I was going to turn them off and then I was like actually it kind of str then I was like actually it kind of str   then I was like actually it kind of str it's kind of fun. Um and and so just so it's kind of fun. Um and and so just so   it's kind of fun. Um and and so just so I know like where we are now is I know like where we are now is   I know like where we are now is basically basically   basically you set up all of these different like you set up all of these different like   you set up all of these different like databases that are effectively data databases that are effectively data   databases that are effectively data sources that kind of fuel the second sources that kind of fuel the second   sources that kind of fuel the second brain. So that's your vector DB, it's brain. So that's your vector DB, it's   brain. So that's your vector DB, it's your Postgress DB, it's your uh MCP. So your Postgress DB, it's your uh MCP. So   your Postgress DB, it's your uh MCP. So your connection to other applications. your connection to other applications.   your connection to other applications. So these are all like basically uh the So these are all like basically uh the   So these are all like basically uh the octopus tentacles to all of your octopus tentacles to all of your   octopus tentacles to all of your knowledge. You then in this Jupyter knowledge. You then in this Jupyter   knowledge. You then in this Jupyter notebook are basically showing all of notebook are basically showing all of   notebook are basically showing all of examples of the commands you can run examples of the commands you can run   examples of the commands you can run with the agent to query information from with the agent to query information from   with the agent to query information from these different sources and it's showing these different sources and it's showing   these different sources and it's showing you what are example answers to those you what are example answers to those   you what are example answers to those questions. So that's gotten us to a questions. So that's gotten us to a   questions. So that's gotten us to a place of like in one place seeing how place of like in one place seeing how   place of like in one place seeing how the agent performs in answer in the agent performs in answer in   the agent performs in answer in providing information. And so from your providing information. And so from your   providing information. And so from your perspective, the next step is like perspective, the next step is like   perspective, the next step is like actually making sure that the answers actually making sure that the answers   actually making sure that the answers are satisfactory based on the 30 most are satisfactory based on the 30 most   are satisfactory based on the 30 most important queries that we could be important queries that we could be   important queries that we could be asking this agent. asking this agent.   asking this agent. &gt;&gt; That's correct. It's think the baseline &gt;&gt; That's correct. It's think the baseline   &gt;&gt; That's correct. It's think the baseline we've established with the actual first we've established with the actual first   we've established with the actual first version of the agent. Now I'm going to version of the agent. Now I'm going to   version of the agent. Now I'm going to run the sort of that golden set eval and run the sort of that golden set eval and   run the sort of that golden set eval and we're going to see on top of that eval we're going to see on top of that eval   we're going to see on top of that eval how much of it is actually working and how much of it is actually working and   how much of it is actually working and what's not working. We assume that what's not working. We assume that   what's not working. We assume that because we've created these connections because we've created these connections   because we've created these connections everything's working fine, but that's everything's working fine, but that's   everything's working fine, but that's not always the case. Um, so if I were to not always the case. Um, so if I were to   not always the case. Um, so if I were to run this one more time, and again, I'm run this one more time, and again, I'm   run this one more time, and again, I'm going to show in this video the notebook going to show in this video the notebook   going to show in this video the notebook environments, but if you want to just environments, but if you want to just   environments, but if you want to just run everything in your terminal, you run everything in your terminal, you   run everything in your terminal, you just have to run the Python instead of just have to run the Python instead of   just have to run the Python instead of the notebook. Um,       and each of the walkthrough files are and each of the walkthrough files are   and each of the walkthrough files are essentially walking you through my essentially walking you through my   essentially walking you through my thought process when establishing this thought process when establishing this   thought process when establishing this email.       So this is the first stage and I like to So this is the first stage and I like to   So this is the first stage and I like to call it golden sets. So what are actual call it golden sets. So what are actual   call it golden sets. So what are actual golden sets? You might be thinking that golden sets? You might be thinking that   golden sets? You might be thinking that Ash you're just talking about input Ash you're just talking about input   Ash you're just talking about input output pairs. I've seen that before. output pairs. I've seen that before.   output pairs. I've seen that before. That's not true. Um each time you have That's not true. Um each time you have   That's not true. Um each time you have an input output pair you also have these an input output pair you also have these   an input output pair you also have these associated metadata that you might have associated metadata that you might have   associated metadata that you might have to think about. It's constraints or to think about. It's constraints or   to think about. It's constraints or checkpoints you want to put on each sort checkpoints you want to put on each sort   checkpoints you want to put on each sort of input output object. So for example of input output object. So for example   of input output object. So for example here what I've done is in traditional here what I've done is in traditional   here what I've done is in traditional software we have like hey this assertion software we have like hey this assertion   software we have like hey this assertion that this much must equal X Y and Z. In that this much must equal X Y and Z. In   that this much must equal X Y and Z. In an AI system you have a query and then an AI system you have a query and then   an AI system you have a query and then you have all the things that you must you have all the things that you must   you have all the things that you must check off. Hey if the PTO policy is check off. Hey if the PTO policy is   check off. Hey if the PTO policy is mentioned they must mention 15 days. mentioned they must mention 15 days.   mentioned they must mention 15 days. They must mention an annual um increase They must mention an annual um increase   They must mention an annual um increase in in in value. They must do semantic in in in value. They must do semantic   in in in value. They must do semantic search or add constraints to that search or add constraints to that   search or add constraints to that semantic search. So you're not only semantic search. So you're not only   semantic search. So you're not only putting constraints on the topics that putting constraints on the topics that   putting constraints on the topics that are covered or the keywords that are are covered or the keywords that are   are covered or the keywords that are covered, but also the tools that are covered, but also the tools that are   covered, but also the tools that are being called. So in this scenario, if I being called. So in this scenario, if I   being called. So in this scenario, if I were to walk you through where golden were to walk you through where golden   were to walk you through where golden sets fit, it's the first stage. Like if sets fit, it's the first stage. Like if   sets fit, it's the first stage. Like if I have been given an AI system and I have been given an AI system and   I have been given an AI system and somebody tells me, hey Ash, go and build somebody tells me, hey Ash, go and build   somebody tells me, hey Ash, go and build out the Eboss for this. This is the out the Eboss for this. This is the   out the Eboss for this. This is the first thing I do. I'm gonna set uh first thing I do. I'm gonna set uh   first thing I do. I'm gonna set uh figure out 30 test cases with product figure out 30 test cases with product   figure out 30 test cases with product managers, internal stakeholders, subject managers, internal stakeholders, subject   managers, internal stakeholders, subject matter experts, sometimes even external matter experts, sometimes even external   matter experts, sometimes even external users. I'm going to say what are the users. I'm going to say what are the   users. I'm going to say what are the most common questions you're going to be most common questions you're going to be   most common questions you're going to be asking. Then I'm going to annotate each asking. Then I'm going to annotate each   asking. Then I'm going to annotate each one of these test scenarios. The one of these test scenarios. The   one of these test scenarios. The expected tool I predict that this uh expected tool I predict that this uh   expected tool I predict that this uh question should ask is the vector search question should ask is the vector search   question should ask is the vector search tool. The expected tool that this should tool. The expected tool that this should   tool. The expected tool that this should use is going to be the SQL query tool. use is going to be the SQL query tool.   use is going to be the SQL query tool. It must contain the following keywords It must contain the following keywords   It must contain the following keywords in its answer and it must have the in its answer and it must have the   in its answer and it must have the following format or flow of answer. I'm following format or flow of answer. I'm   following format or flow of answer. I'm going to actually run that agent over going to actually run that agent over   going to actually run that agent over and over again. I'm going to capture and over again. I'm going to capture   and over again. I'm going to capture that trace on my choice of an that trace on my choice of an   that trace on my choice of an observability platform and I'm going to observability platform and I'm going to   observability platform and I'm going to run these checks manually with a human run these checks manually with a human   run these checks manually with a human being. People always think that hey eval being. People always think that hey eval   being. People always think that hey eval being LLM as a judge. I disagree. You being LLM as a judge. I disagree. You   being LLM as a judge. I disagree. You need to be in the weeds of your AI need to be in the weeds of your AI   need to be in the weeds of your AI system. Your product manager should be system. Your product manager should be   system. Your product manager should be the one checking things off. You as the the one checking things off. You as the   the one checking things off. You as the AI engineer should be the ones checking AI engineer should be the ones checking   AI engineer should be the ones checking things off. You as the subject matter things off. You as the subject matter   things off. You as the subject matter expert should be the one checking things expert should be the one checking things   expert should be the one checking things off in the beginning of that system. So off in the beginning of that system. So   off in the beginning of that system. So in this scenario, I'm just going to run in this scenario, I'm just going to run   in this scenario, I'm just going to run all the cells.       &gt;&gt; I'm and and as you're running it, one &gt;&gt; I'm and and as you're running it, one   &gt;&gt; I'm and and as you're running it, one one thing I'm curious about is like one thing I'm curious about is like   one thing I'm curious about is like you're building out all these evals you're building out all these evals   you're building out all these evals where like where are the evals or like I where like where are the evals or like I   where like where are the evals or like I almost view it as like this rubric this almost view it as like this rubric this   almost view it as like this rubric this rubric of like rules or criteria. Is rubric of like rules or criteria. Is   rubric of like rules or criteria. Is that almost being stored in like a large that almost being stored in like a large   that almost being stored in like a large markdown file that's being fed to the markdown file that's being fed to the   markdown file that's being fed to the agent? Like how is the agent referring agent? Like how is the agent referring   agent? Like how is the agent referring back to the evals you've done? back to the evals you've done?   back to the evals you've done? &gt;&gt; So right now I'm not storing the evals &gt;&gt; So right now I'm not storing the evals   &gt;&gt; So right now I'm not storing the evals anywhere specific besides my local anywhere specific besides my local   anywhere specific besides my local environment. So it's usually an MD file environment. So it's usually an MD file   environment. So it's usually an MD file or it's in the terminal itself or it's or it's in the terminal itself or it's   or it's in the terminal itself or it's in a YAML file which I really like. Um in a YAML file which I really like. Um   in a YAML file which I really like. Um over time as we get to stage three or over time as we get to stage three or   over time as we get to stage three or four we can move towards just storing four we can move towards just storing   four we can move towards just storing everything inside of our observability everything inside of our observability   everything inside of our observability platform. So just move everything to platform. So just move everything to   platform. So just move everything to Langmith, Langfuse, Data Dog, whatever Langmith, Langfuse, Data Dog, whatever   Langmith, Langfuse, Data Dog, whatever you use and make sure everything is in you use and make sure everything is in   you use and make sure everything is in one place.       Um, okay. So just to walk through this Um, okay. So just to walk through this   Um, okay. So just to walk through this rather quickly again, you can run this rather quickly again, you can run this   rather quickly again, you can run this on your own and walk through each of on your own and walk through each of   on your own and walk through each of these.       In each of my test cases, I have an ID In each of my test cases, I have an ID   In each of my test cases, I have an ID associated with it. I have the initial associated with it. I have the initial   associated with it. I have the initial query, the expected tools that are going query, the expected tools that are going   query, the expected tools that are going to be used, the expected sources that to be used, the expected sources that   to be used, the expected sources that are going to be used, the thing the are going to be used, the thing the   are going to be used, the thing the keywords or the phrases that it must keywords or the phrases that it must   keywords or the phrases that it must contain and then the things that it contain and then the things that it   contain and then the things that it should not contain or the things that it should not contain or the things that it   should not contain or the things that it should not refer to. So as I'm creating should not refer to. So as I'm creating   should not refer to. So as I'm creating this, this is my first golden record in this, this is my first golden record in   this, this is my first golden record in my golden set which is I have my initial my golden set which is I have my initial   my golden set which is I have my initial query of what is our remote work policy. query of what is our remote work policy.   query of what is our remote work policy. I have the expected tool usage and I I have the expected tool usage and I   I have the expected tool usage and I have the expected sources. I can run have the expected sources. I can run   have the expected sources. I can run that through the same agent that we've that through the same agent that we've   that through the same agent that we've created before. uh and I can see what created before. uh and I can see what   created before. uh and I can see what goes wrong and what's what uh works out. goes wrong and what's what uh works out.   goes wrong and what's what uh works out. So in this scenario, you'll notice that So in this scenario, you'll notice that   So in this scenario, you'll notice that it ran the correct tool, it did the it ran the correct tool, it did the   it ran the correct tool, it did the correct sources, had the correct correct sources, had the correct   correct sources, had the correct content, and it didn't have the uh the content, and it didn't have the uh the   content, and it didn't have the uh the negative check was also true. Some of negative check was also true. Some of   negative check was also true. Some of these are deterministic values, like I these are deterministic values, like I   these are deterministic values, like I already know the tool calls being made. already know the tool calls being made.   already know the tool calls being made. I don't need to send that to an LLM. I don't need to send that to an LLM.   I don't need to send that to an LLM. Some of these can be done by a human Some of these can be done by a human   Some of these can be done by a human being that is annotating it, or it can being that is annotating it, or it can   being that is annotating it, or it can be done by an LLM that is annotating it. be done by an LLM that is annotating it.   be done by an LLM that is annotating it. To start off for this example, I just To start off for this example, I just   To start off for this example, I just had a LLM do it for us so it could be had a LLM do it for us so it could be   had a LLM do it for us so it could be done quickly, but in most cases a human done quickly, but in most cases a human   done quickly, but in most cases a human being would be the one that is being would be the one that is   being would be the one that is annotating this live. annotating this live.   annotating this live. &gt;&gt; Two quick things. One, can you just u &gt;&gt; Two quick things. One, can you just u   &gt;&gt; Two quick things. One, can you just u make sure you share your window um just make sure you share your window um just   make sure you share your window um just so that's the full screen. The second is so that's the full screen. The second is   so that's the full screen. The second is one thing I'm wondering as you go one thing I'm wondering as you go   one thing I'm wondering as you go through these golden cases is like who's through these golden cases is like who's   through these golden cases is like who's involved in this process because for involved in this process because for   involved in this process because for example like a I'm even thinking about example like a I'm even thinking about   example like a I'm even thinking about like say you're working on a vertical like say you're working on a vertical   like say you're working on a vertical specific agent and say it's like a legal specific agent and say it's like a legal   specific agent and say it's like a legal agent and so there's knowledge that the agent and so there's knowledge that the   agent and so there's knowledge that the subject matter expert needs to provide subject matter expert needs to provide   subject matter expert needs to provide in the evals but like the lawyer isn't in the evals but like the lawyer isn't   in the evals but like the lawyer isn't going to necessarily know whether a going to necessarily know whether a   going to necessarily know whether a vector DB should be used or whether like vector DB should be used or whether like   vector DB should be used or whether like this MCP should be used. So like who do this MCP should be used. So like who do   this MCP should be used. So like who do you involved in the eval process to make you involved in the eval process to make   you involved in the eval process to make sure like all the key criteria are sure like all the key criteria are   sure like all the key criteria are checked off by the person who knows what checked off by the person who knows what   checked off by the person who knows what the right answer is. the right answer is.   the right answer is. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is a good question. I think &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is a good question. I think   &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is a good question. I think it sort of es and flows based on the it sort of es and flows based on the   it sort of es and flows based on the organization itself, but definitely the organization itself, but definitely the   organization itself, but definitely the engineer who's implementing the eval engineer who's implementing the eval   engineer who's implementing the eval definitely usually some sort of product definitely usually some sort of product   definitely usually some sort of product person. It could be the product manager person. It could be the product manager   person. It could be the product manager themselves or it could be even like um themselves or it could be even like um   themselves or it could be even like um um somebody non-technical who's involved um somebody non-technical who's involved   um somebody non-technical who's involved in the process. I love having SME on in the process. I love having SME on   in the process. I love having SME on board. I think experts on board, boots board. I think experts on board, boots   board. I think experts on board, boots on the ground when they've seen all the on the ground when they've seen all the   on the ground when they've seen all the uh responses back and forth are required uh responses back and forth are required   uh responses back and forth are required for you to annotate anything at all. Um for you to annotate anything at all. Um   for you to annotate anything at all. Um so those three are mandatory. Everybody so those three are mandatory. Everybody   so those three are mandatory. Everybody else you can add based on what you think else you can add based on what you think   else you can add based on what you think is need need-based. Um but in my head a is need need-based. Um but in my head a   is need need-based. Um but in my head a product person, an engineering person product person, an engineering person   product person, an engineering person and an expert. and an expert.   and an expert. &gt;&gt; Cool. Uh is there more questions that I &gt;&gt; Cool. Uh is there more questions that I   &gt;&gt; Cool. Uh is there more questions that I missed because I'm not looking at the missed because I'm not looking at the   missed because I'm not looking at the chat window. So okay, cool. chat window. So okay, cool.   chat window. So okay, cool. &gt;&gt; No, I I I think you're all good right &gt;&gt; No, I I I think you're all good right   &gt;&gt; No, I I I think you're all good right now. now.   now. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, uh, once I've done that check, &gt;&gt; Okay. So, uh, once I've done that check,   &gt;&gt; Okay. So, uh, once I've done that check, I'm going to do that check over and over I'm going to do that check over and over   I'm going to do that check over and over again for my entire, uh, suite of, uh, again for my entire, uh, suite of, uh,   again for my entire, uh, suite of, uh, golden set, right? I'm going to walk golden set, right? I'm going to walk   golden set, right? I'm going to walk through all of those 30, 50, however through all of those 30, 50, however   through all of those 30, 50, however many I have and make sure that every many I have and make sure that every   many I have and make sure that every time I ship a new version in production, time I ship a new version in production,   time I ship a new version in production, I run that one more time. So, this is I run that one more time. So, this is   I run that one more time. So, this is something that AI engineers in their something that AI engineers in their   something that AI engineers in their local environment should be running local environment should be running   local environment should be running before they send something to uh, before they send something to uh,   before they send something to uh, staging or dev, right? Do you know hey staging or dev, right? Do you know hey   staging or dev, right? Do you know hey the expected performance of what I'm the expected performance of what I'm   the expected performance of what I'm shipping is the expected performance it shipping is the expected performance it   shipping is the expected performance it was before. Now that was a question was before. Now that was a question   was before. Now that was a question somebody asked earlier. Now when I'm somebody asked earlier. Now when I'm   somebody asked earlier. Now when I'm running this test case uh it could be on running this test case uh it could be on   running this test case uh it could be on every commit. It could be before every every commit. It could be before every   every commit. It could be before every deployment. It could be off after every deployment. It could be off after every   deployment. It could be off after every big change. But the thought process here big change. But the thought process here   big change. But the thought process here is run it as many times as you can. is run it as many times as you can.   is run it as many times as you can. Record it in a very simple location. It Record it in a very simple location. It   Record it in a very simple location. It could be within the repository itself. could be within the repository itself.   could be within the repository itself. That's how you start out. Don't add That's how you start out. Don't add   That's how you start out. Don't add complexity where the complexity is not complexity where the complexity is not   complexity where the complexity is not required and just have a running log of required and just have a running log of   required and just have a running log of what's happening. So that's gonna be the what's happening. So that's gonna be the   what's happening. So that's gonna be the first stage of evalu       one one other thing before um we we move one one other thing before um we we move   one one other thing before um we we move on to the next set is let's just say you on to the next set is let's just say you   on to the next set is let's just say you go through an eval you go through this go through an eval you go through this   go through an eval you go through this golden set of 30 questions and there's golden set of 30 questions and there's   golden set of 30 questions and there's an unsatisfactory uh response to one of an unsatisfactory uh response to one of   an unsatisfactory uh response to one of the questions and so you want to correct the questions and so you want to correct   the questions and so you want to correct the agent. What is and and if you plan the agent. What is and and if you plan   the agent. What is and and if you plan on covering this all good but like what on covering this all good but like what   on covering this all good but like what is the process of actually like is the process of actually like   is the process of actually like correcting the agent and making sure it correcting the agent and making sure it   correcting the agent and making sure it behaves in the right way moving forward. behaves in the right way moving forward.   behaves in the right way moving forward. &gt;&gt; Okay, there's only three ways. Okay, &gt;&gt; Okay, there's only three ways. Okay,   &gt;&gt; Okay, there's only three ways. Okay, there's this term training your agent there's this term training your agent   there's this term training your agent backwards is completely overloaded and backwards is completely overloaded and   backwards is completely overloaded and BS. Um there's really only three things BS. Um there's really only three things   BS. Um there's really only three things you can do. Update a prompt, update a you can do. Update a prompt, update a   you can do. Update a prompt, update a tool call, update the descriptor tool call, update the descriptor   tool call, update the descriptor associated with the tool, or change the associated with the tool, or change the   associated with the tool, or change the model itself that is making the model itself that is making the   model itself that is making the decision. Now, there's reinforcement decision. Now, there's reinforcement   decision. Now, there's reinforcement learning and fine-tuning, but you'll learning and fine-tuning, but you'll   learning and fine-tuning, but you'll find that fine-tuning is way too find that fine-tuning is way too   find that fine-tuning is way too expensive and not worth it. expensive and not worth it.   expensive and not worth it. Reinforcement learning requires Reinforcement learning requires   Reinforcement learning requires annotated and labeled data. So, often annotated and labeled data. So, often   annotated and labeled data. So, often times that's probably not worth it or times that's probably not worth it or   times that's probably not worth it or possible either. So, at the end of the possible either. So, at the end of the   possible either. So, at the end of the day, all you're going to be doing is day, all you're going to be doing is   day, all you're going to be doing is updating a prompt, updating a tool, or updating a prompt, updating a tool, or   updating a prompt, updating a tool, or updating a model. So, I want to I just updating a model. So, I want to I just   updating a model. So, I want to I just want to say that out loud like when I want to say that out loud like when I   want to say that out loud like when I talk about configurations, when I talk talk about configurations, when I talk   talk about configurations, when I talk about iteration, about iteration,   about iteration, it is always going to be one of those it is always going to be one of those   it is always going to be one of those three things. three things.   three things. &gt;&gt; Love it. &gt;&gt; Love it.   &gt;&gt; Love it. Um, and let's go to the next part. Any Um, and let's go to the next part. Any   Um, and let's go to the next part. Any questions yet?       Okay, back to my cursor here. I'm going Okay, back to my cursor here. I'm going   Okay, back to my cursor here. I'm going to close this off. And the next part of to close this off. And the next part of   to close this off. And the next part of our eval, our eval,   our eval, &gt;&gt; sorry, a question just came in that I &gt;&gt; sorry, a question just came in that I   &gt;&gt; sorry, a question just came in that I think uh is interesting. I want to I think uh is interesting. I want to I   think uh is interesting. I want to I want to hear your thoughts on it. want to hear your thoughts on it.   want to hear your thoughts on it. &gt;&gt; Karen just asked, &gt;&gt; Karen just asked,   &gt;&gt; Karen just asked, &gt;&gt; "Is fine-tuning on synthetic data a &gt;&gt; "Is fine-tuning on synthetic data a   &gt;&gt; "Is fine-tuning on synthetic data a horrible idea?" I know this is a detour horrible idea?" I know this is a detour   horrible idea?" I know this is a detour and Alex is gonna yell at me because and Alex is gonna yell at me because   and Alex is gonna yell at me because we're on a clock right now, but I'm we're on a clock right now, but I'm   we're on a clock right now, but I'm curious to hear your thoughts. curious to hear your thoughts.   curious to hear your thoughts. &gt;&gt; I actually don't think it's a bad idea. &gt;&gt; I actually don't think it's a bad idea.   &gt;&gt; I actually don't think it's a bad idea. So, one of our professors So, one of our professors   So, one of our professors &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; Really?   &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. One of our professors at &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. One of our professors at   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. One of our professors at Gauntlet generates uh HIPPA compliant Gauntlet generates uh HIPPA compliant   Gauntlet generates uh HIPPA compliant synthetic data for medical or clinical synthetic data for medical or clinical   synthetic data for medical or clinical use cases. Uh and he's the one in charge use cases. Uh and he's the one in charge   use cases. Uh and he's the one in charge of our fine-tuning class as well. I of our fine-tuning class as well. I   of our fine-tuning class as well. I actually think it's okay to use f uh actually think it's okay to use f uh   actually think it's okay to use f uh synthetic data for fine-tuning in very synthetic data for fine-tuning in very   synthetic data for fine-tuning in very specific scenarios where it's hard to specific scenarios where it's hard to   specific scenarios where it's hard to get data uh that is labeled uh in real get data uh that is labeled uh in real   get data uh that is labeled uh in real scenarios. Um scenarios. Um   scenarios. Um &gt;&gt; yeah, but isn't there the discussion of &gt;&gt; yeah, but isn't there the discussion of   &gt;&gt; yeah, but isn't there the discussion of like collapse, like collapse,   like collapse, &gt;&gt; right? like everything collapses towards &gt;&gt; right? like everything collapses towards   &gt;&gt; right? like everything collapses towards the same thing being said over and over. the same thing being said over and over.   the same thing being said over and over. And and just so everyone understands And and just so everyone understands   And and just so everyone understands what that means, like if you ask ChatBT what that means, like if you ask ChatBT   what that means, like if you ask ChatBT to tell you a joke to tell you a joke   to tell you a joke &gt;&gt; 100 times, it'll tell you like five &gt;&gt; 100 times, it'll tell you like five   &gt;&gt; 100 times, it'll tell you like five jokes. Like like the model is is a jokes. Like like the model is is a   jokes. Like like the model is is a probabilistic thing. And probabilistic thing. And   probabilistic thing. And &gt;&gt; maybe it's just not that funny of a &gt;&gt; maybe it's just not that funny of a   &gt;&gt; maybe it's just not that funny of a model. [laughter]       &gt;&gt; Like like basically the the training &gt;&gt; Like like basically the the training   &gt;&gt; Like like basically the the training data in the way that the model is data in the way that the model is   data in the way that the model is configured, it's like let's say it's a configured, it's like let's say it's a   configured, it's like let's say it's a it's a it's a bell curve. like five it's a it's a bell curve. like five   it's a it's a bell curve. like five jokes really fall in the middle of that jokes really fall in the middle of that   jokes really fall in the middle of that bell curve, if you will. And the the bell curve, if you will. And the the   bell curve, if you will. And the the issue is if you're just if you're issue is if you're just if you're   issue is if you're just if you're training on everything in a bell curve, training on everything in a bell curve,   training on everything in a bell curve, everything will collapse towards that, everything will collapse towards that,   everything will collapse towards that, right? Um, so that's kind of my take, right? Um, so that's kind of my take,   right? Um, so that's kind of my take, but admittedly, I've never tried it. So, but admittedly, I've never tried it. So,   but admittedly, I've never tried it. So, yeah, I'm curious. What do you think? yeah, I'm curious. What do you think?   yeah, I'm curious. What do you think? &gt;&gt; Well, so I I I see where you're coming &gt;&gt; Well, so I I I see where you're coming   &gt;&gt; Well, so I I I see where you're coming from and I see the possibility of that from and I see the possibility of that   from and I see the possibility of that happening. Look, if you the the approach happening. Look, if you the the approach   happening. Look, if you the the approach they actually they actually   they actually &gt;&gt; Here's where Ash shits on my life. Go &gt;&gt; Here's where Ash shits on my life. Go   &gt;&gt; Here's where Ash shits on my life. Go ahead. ahead.   ahead. &gt;&gt; Not them all. Not them all. I want &gt;&gt; Not them all. Not them all. I want   &gt;&gt; Not them all. Not them all. I want everyone to know that synthetic using everyone to know that synthetic using   everyone to know that synthetic using synthetic data for fine-tuning most synthetic data for fine-tuning most   synthetic data for fine-tuning most likely is not even worth it because it's likely is not even worth it because it's   likely is not even worth it because it's going to be too expensive. But in like going to be too expensive. But in like   going to be too expensive. But in like like for example in the HIPPA compliant like for example in the HIPPA compliant   like for example in the HIPPA compliant medical clinical space, what they're medical clinical space, what they're   medical clinical space, what they're actually doing is having human beings actually doing is having human beings   actually doing is having human beings generate like the first three or four generate like the first three or four   generate like the first three or four versions of it. They bring the variation versions of it. They bring the variation   versions of it. They bring the variation in and you just sort of fill in the in and you just sort of fill in the   in and you just sort of fill in the rest. Does that make sense? Like you're rest. Does that make sense? Like you're   rest. Does that make sense? Like you're not actually doing any novel creation of not actually doing any novel creation of   not actually doing any novel creation of data. Rather, you're just creating data. Rather, you're just creating   data. Rather, you're just creating duplicate cases across many different duplicate cases across many different   duplicate cases across many different categories. Uh, and so you're able to categories. Uh, and so you're able to   categories. Uh, and so you're able to actually fill in the number of records actually fill in the number of records   actually fill in the number of records required for fine-tuning because it's required for fine-tuning because it's   required for fine-tuning because it's going to be in the millions, right? Uh, going to be in the millions, right? Uh,   going to be in the millions, right? Uh, and so in that, I guess, one or two and so in that, I guess, one or two   and so in that, I guess, one or two scenarios that I can think of, I think scenarios that I can think of, I think   scenarios that I can think of, I think it's worth it. it's worth it.   it's worth it. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right, Alex, where are we at &gt;&gt; Okay. All right, Alex, where are we at   &gt;&gt; Okay. All right, Alex, where are we at with the clock, by the way? with the clock, by the way?   with the clock, by the way? &gt;&gt; We have roughly 20 minutes left. How are &gt;&gt; We have roughly 20 minutes left. How are   &gt;&gt; We have roughly 20 minutes left. How are we doing, Ash? we doing, Ash?   we doing, Ash? &gt;&gt; 20 minutes left. &gt;&gt; 20 minutes left.   &gt;&gt; 20 minutes left. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, I'm probably not going to get &gt;&gt; Okay. So, I'm probably not going to get   &gt;&gt; Okay. So, I'm probably not going to get to the end of this, but I'm going to get to the end of this, but I'm going to get   to the end of this, but I'm going to get into I'm going to try to get up until into I'm going to try to get up until   into I'm going to try to get up until the replay harness because I think for the replay harness because I think for   the replay harness because I think for most people, if you get that far, you're most people, if you get that far, you're   most people, if you get that far, you're doing a really good job. Um, but we doing a really good job. Um, but we   doing a really good job. Um, but we started at So, do do you guys have a started at So, do do you guys have a   started at So, do do you guys have a heart out at five? heart out at five?   heart out at five? &gt;&gt; I don't. Austin, do you?       Um, I [clears throat] may or may not Um, I [clears throat] may or may not   Um, I [clears throat] may or may not need to check in with someone, but I'm need to check in with someone, but I'm   need to check in with someone, but I'm less important than you. So, you can less important than you. So, you can   less important than you. So, you can &gt;&gt; Well, it honestly I think people just &gt;&gt; Well, it honestly I think people just   &gt;&gt; Well, it honestly I think people just from the comments and just the fact that from the comments and just the fact that   from the comments and just the fact that basically no one has dropped from the basically no one has dropped from the   basically no one has dropped from the live stream, like zero people have live stream, like zero people have   live stream, like zero people have dropped. I think people are really dropped. I think people are really   dropped. I think people are really loving this. So, let's just keep going loving this. So, let's just keep going   loving this. So, let's just keep going as long as you're having fun and you as long as you're having fun and you   as long as you're having fun and you don't have to leave for meeting and don't have to leave for meeting and   don't have to leave for meeting and people are enjoying. people are enjoying.   people are enjoying. &gt;&gt; Um, yeah, I can keep going. I mean, I I &gt;&gt; Um, yeah, I can keep going. I mean, I I   &gt;&gt; Um, yeah, I can keep going. I mean, I I could I I taught like three classes could I I taught like three classes   could I I taught like three classes today, so this is this is this is today, so this is this is this is   today, so this is this is this is amazing. Um, amazing. Um,   amazing. Um, &gt;&gt; love it. If you really want to hit the &gt;&gt; love it. If you really want to hit the   &gt;&gt; love it. If you really want to hit the deadline, you can just run a clawed code deadline, you can just run a clawed code   deadline, you can just run a clawed code job with Ralph and it'll get done in 10 job with Ralph and it'll get done in 10   job with Ralph and it'll get done in 10 minutes, the whole thing. minutes, the whole thing.   minutes, the whole thing. &gt;&gt; Okay. Run everything step by step. &gt;&gt; Okay. Run everything step by step.   &gt;&gt; Okay. Run everything step by step. [laughter] [laughter]   [laughter] &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay.   &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Do not fail. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Do not fail.   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Do not fail. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, basically, if you By the &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, basically, if you By the   &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, basically, if you By the way, this is a tip for anybody who's way, this is a tip for anybody who's   way, this is a tip for anybody who's less technical. Have Cloud Code read the less technical. Have Cloud Code read the   less technical. Have Cloud Code read the read me per directory. It'll know read me per directory. It'll know   read me per directory. It'll know exactly what to do because I essentially exactly what to do because I essentially   exactly what to do because I essentially gave the directions uh for step by step. gave the directions uh for step by step.   gave the directions uh for step by step. Okay, I'm going to go a little bit Okay, I'm going to go a little bit   Okay, I'm going to go a little bit faster. See how much more I can cover. faster. See how much more I can cover.   faster. See how much more I can cover. We're going to go into the second stage We're going to go into the second stage   We're going to go into the second stage of this which is labeled scenarios. So of this which is labeled scenarios. So   of this which is labeled scenarios. So we created a golden set and that golden we created a golden set and that golden   we created a golden set and that golden set was 30 50 60 70 records of the most set was 30 50 60 70 records of the most   set was 30 50 60 70 records of the most commonly asked questions. One of the key commonly asked questions. One of the key   commonly asked questions. One of the key things that that happens in a lot of things that that happens in a lot of   things that that happens in a lot of these AI systems is that you couple the these AI systems is that you couple the   these AI systems is that you couple the prompt or the query with the actual um prompt or the query with the actual um   prompt or the query with the actual um you know different steps that that you know different steps that that   you know different steps that that system is taking so deeply that it's system is taking so deeply that it's   system is taking so deeply that it's only able to sort of handle the golden only able to sort of handle the golden   only able to sort of handle the golden set. And then when you start deviating set. And then when you start deviating   set. And then when you start deviating from the golden set, all of a sudden from the golden set, all of a sudden   from the golden set, all of a sudden your entire program goes to So in your entire program goes to So in   your entire program goes to So in this scenario, what we're doing is we're this scenario, what we're doing is we're   this scenario, what we're doing is we're taking different categories that might taking different categories that might   taking different categories that might be aspiring users, creating golden sets be aspiring users, creating golden sets   be aspiring users, creating golden sets by category, and then categorizing the by category, and then categorizing the   by category, and then categorizing the performance of those based on our evalu performance of those based on our evalu   performance of those based on our evalu across each of those categories. So let across each of those categories. So let   across each of those categories. So let me show you what that looks like.       &gt;&gt; And I feel like Alex, when I typing in &gt;&gt; And I feel like Alex, when I typing in   &gt;&gt; And I feel like Alex, when I typing in the terminal, feel free to just shoot me the terminal, feel free to just shoot me   the terminal, feel free to just shoot me a question. and I can answer it. a question. and I can answer it.   a question. and I can answer it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, for sure. As you're doing &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, for sure. As you're doing   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, for sure. As you're doing things, basically what I'm understanding things, basically what I'm understanding   things, basically what I'm understanding is you're just you are increasing the is you're just you are increasing the   is you're just you are increasing the total database of uh potential queries total database of uh potential queries   total database of uh potential queries and potential answers like you're just and potential answers like you're just   and potential answers like you're just you're just providing more guidance on you're just providing more guidance on   you're just providing more guidance on what this rubric of answers is by kind what this rubric of answers is by kind   what this rubric of answers is by kind of having a golden set for several of having a golden set for several   of having a golden set for several categories within the agent. Right. categories within the agent. Right.   categories within the agent. Right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I'm basically making sure that &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I'm basically making sure that   &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I'm basically making sure that everything's annotated and labeled so everything's annotated and labeled so   everything's annotated and labeled so then I can use it in the future. then I can use it in the future.   then I can use it in the future. Also, Ashel, did you just zoom in like a Also, Ashel, did you just zoom in like a   Also, Ashel, did you just zoom in like a couple bips? I think I'm seeing some couple bips? I think I'm seeing some   couple bips? I think I'm seeing some comments about that. comments about that.   comments about that. &gt;&gt; Uh, zoom in. &gt;&gt; Uh, zoom in.   &gt;&gt; Uh, zoom in. Um, Um,   Um, &gt;&gt; just like command plus. &gt;&gt; just like command plus.   &gt;&gt; just like command plus. &gt;&gt; Uh, it's not working. &gt;&gt; Uh, it's not working.   &gt;&gt; Uh, it's not working. Let me see if I can do it this way.       Um, okay. My Plus is not working for Um, okay. My Plus is not working for   Um, okay. My Plus is not working for some reason. Sorry about that. No, no some reason. Sorry about that. No, no   some reason. Sorry about that. No, no worries.       So guys, talk through what's happening So guys, talk through what's happening   So guys, talk through what's happening right now uh after you ran the command. right now uh after you ran the command.   right now uh after you ran the command. So it created the notebook for the So it created the notebook for the   So it created the notebook for the actual label scenarios. Um and the actual label scenarios. Um and the   actual label scenarios. Um and the notebook is essentially going to be our notebook is essentially going to be our   notebook is essentially going to be our location where we have location where we have   location where we have the eval running on top of our agent for the eval running on top of our agent for   the eval running on top of our agent for ask acne. So in this scenario, what ask acne. So in this scenario, what   ask acne. So in this scenario, what we're doing is I compare what a golden we're doing is I compare what a golden   we're doing is I compare what a golden set is versus versus labeled scenarios. set is versus versus labeled scenarios.   set is versus versus labeled scenarios. You'll notice a golden set is 10 to 50 You'll notice a golden set is 10 to 50   You'll notice a golden set is 10 to 50 curated cases. This is the first step curated cases. This is the first step   curated cases. This is the first step you should be taking with your product you should be taking with your product   you should be taking with your product manager and your expert. Then what manager and your expert. Then what   manager and your expert. Then what you're going to do is create 30 to 100 you're going to do is create 30 to 100   you're going to do is create 30 to 100 labeled scenarios. Some are failure labeled scenarios. Some are failure   labeled scenarios. Some are failure states, some are like different based on states, some are like different based on   states, some are like different based on categories and releases, and then some categories and releases, and then some   categories and releases, and then some are coverage gaps that you might have are coverage gaps that you might have   are coverage gaps that you might have missed when you created the golden set. missed when you created the golden set.   missed when you created the golden set. Now people always ask me this question, Now people always ask me this question,   Now people always ask me this question, so I want to preemptively answer this. so I want to preemptively answer this.   so I want to preemptively answer this. Is the entire point of an Ethos system Is the entire point of an Ethos system   Is the entire point of an Ethos system just having a human continuously create just having a human continuously create   just having a human continuously create scenarios and tests and actually make scenarios and tests and actually make   scenarios and tests and actually make them run? And the answer is yes. Like them run? And the answer is yes. Like   them run? And the answer is yes. Like the your expert, your product manager, the your expert, your product manager,   the your expert, your product manager, your engineer is going to hate you a your engineer is going to hate you a   your engineer is going to hate you a little bit. But the result of what little bit. But the result of what   little bit. But the result of what you're going to be doing over the la, you're going to be doing over the la,   you're going to be doing over the la, you know, 3, four weeks, 7 months, so on you know, 3, four weeks, 7 months, so on   you know, 3, four weeks, 7 months, so on and so forth is going to be something and so forth is going to be something   and so forth is going to be something that is so much so much more robust, that is so much so much more robust,   that is so much so much more robust, repeatable, and like people are actually repeatable, and like people are actually   repeatable, and like people are actually going to be able to get real value from going to be able to get real value from   going to be able to get real value from it. So yes, this is the tedious job of it. So yes, this is the tedious job of   it. So yes, this is the tedious job of like walking through every test case like walking through every test case   like walking through every test case scenario, actually annotating it, scenario, actually annotating it,   scenario, actually annotating it, actually being thoughtful about what the actually being thoughtful about what the   actually being thoughtful about what the input output pairs are going to be. So input output pairs are going to be. So   input output pairs are going to be. So the answer uh is is pretty manual right the answer uh is is pretty manual right   the answer uh is is pretty manual right now. Okay. The only difference between a now. Okay. The only difference between a   now. Okay. The only difference between a golden set and a label scenario is golden set and a label scenario is   golden set and a label scenario is you've categorized them and you've you've categorized them and you've   you've categorized them and you've annotated them. Meaning you know the annotated them. Meaning you know the   annotated them. Meaning you know the exact tools that are going to be used, exact tools that are going to be used,   exact tools that are going to be used, you know the exact topics that are going you know the exact topics that are going   you know the exact topics that are going to be covered and then you try to have to be covered and then you try to have   to be covered and then you try to have coverage across all those topics. So coverage across all those topics. So   coverage across all those topics. So what does this look like? If I have a what does this look like? If I have a   what does this look like? If I have a travel agent, right, and I I keep going travel agent, right, and I I keep going   travel agent, right, and I I keep going back to this because it's a project we back to this because it's a project we   back to this because it's a project we recently worked on, and you have to recently worked on, and you have to   recently worked on, and you have to cover booking hotels, flights, uh, cover booking hotels, flights, uh,   cover booking hotels, flights, uh, rental cars, then you can have labeled rental cars, then you can have labeled   rental cars, then you can have labeled scenarios in all three of those scenarios in all three of those   scenarios in all three of those categories. You can have golden sets categories. You can have golden sets   categories. You can have golden sets within each of those categories, and you within each of those categories, and you   within each of those categories, and you can run those evals across all of those can run those evals across all of those   can run those evals across all of those sets. The thought process is that you sets. The thought process is that you   sets. The thought process is that you can actually showcase coverage when you can actually showcase coverage when you   can actually showcase coverage when you analyze this data across all your test analyze this data across all your test   analyze this data across all your test scenarios and test suites. When you have scenarios and test suites. When you have   scenarios and test suites. When you have this level of sort of robustness, the this level of sort of robustness, the   this level of sort of robustness, the likelihood of something going wrong or likelihood of something going wrong or   likelihood of something going wrong or an edge case coming up that you have not an edge case coming up that you have not   an edge case coming up that you have not yet handled is uh much lower than a yet handled is uh much lower than a   yet handled is uh much lower than a golden set. In a golden set, you're golden set. In a golden set, you're   golden set. In a golden set, you're tightly decoupled to the most common tightly decoupled to the most common   tightly decoupled to the most common queries that are coming in. In label queries that are coming in. In label   queries that are coming in. In label scenarios, you're saying, "Okay, these scenarios, you're saying, "Okay, these   scenarios, you're saying, "Okay, these might not be the most common, but I'm might not be the most common, but I'm   might not be the most common, but I'm going to increase the database of going to increase the database of   going to increase the database of values." values."   values." And and so just so I understand here And and so just so I understand here   And and so just so I understand here like an example just going back to the like an example just going back to the   like an example just going back to the the travel agent like one part of a the travel agent like one part of a   the travel agent like one part of a travel agent may be like I don't know um travel agent may be like I don't know um   travel agent may be like I don't know um excursions like I want the the travel excursions like I want the the travel   excursions like I want the the travel agent to book me excursions for my trip agent to book me excursions for my trip   agent to book me excursions for my trip in Greece as an example and potentially in Greece as an example and potentially   in Greece as an example and potentially in the golden set there could only be in the golden set there could only be   in the golden set there could only be one question in that golden set or two one question in that golden set or two   one question in that golden set or two questions about excursions where it's questions about excursions where it's   questions about excursions where it's like what is a like what's a good like what is a like what's a good   like what is a like what's a good excursion for me to do on this trip excursion for me to do on this trip   excursion for me to do on this trip whereas are you basically saying with whereas are you basically saying with   whereas are you basically saying with kind of this labeling and kind of this labeling and   kind of this labeling and categorization, there could be a whole categorization, there could be a whole   categorization, there could be a whole set of questions related to excursions set of questions related to excursions   set of questions related to excursions where I could potentially ask like given where I could potentially ask like given   where I could potentially ask like given my budget needs, given my bias to my budget needs, given my bias to   my budget needs, given my bias to adventure, given I'm going to Greece, adventure, given I'm going to Greece,   adventure, given I'm going to Greece, what is a good excursion for me to do? what is a good excursion for me to do?   what is a good excursion for me to do? &gt;&gt; That's exactly right. The the query &gt;&gt; That's exactly right. The the query   &gt;&gt; That's exactly right. The the query becomes more complicated, Alex, as you becomes more complicated, Alex, as you   becomes more complicated, Alex, as you sort of gave the example of, but it's sort of gave the example of, but it's   sort of gave the example of, but it's also like you're expanding your test also like you're expanding your test   also like you're expanding your test cases across the board, and so you're cases across the board, and so you're   cases across the board, and so you're handling edge values that you might have handling edge values that you might have   handling edge values that you might have never thought of. never thought of.   never thought of. &gt;&gt; Cool. &gt;&gt; Cool.   &gt;&gt; Cool. Okay, I'm going to keep going just Okay, I'm going to keep going just   Okay, I'm going to keep going just because of time. This actually runs because of time. This actually runs   because of time. This actually runs through the entire labeled scenario through the entire labeled scenario   through the entire labeled scenario thing. You'll notice that it it has a thing. You'll notice that it it has a   thing. You'll notice that it it has a very similar flow to what a golden set very similar flow to what a golden set   very similar flow to what a golden set is. It's just more comprehensive. And is. It's just more comprehensive. And   is. It's just more comprehensive. And the thought process behind labeled the thought process behind labeled   the thought process behind labeled scenarios is you have almost a library scenarios is you have almost a library   scenarios is you have almost a library of everything that you want to test for of everything that you want to test for   of everything that you want to test for your AI system. And in this scenario, your AI system. And in this scenario,   your AI system. And in this scenario, the library is maybe just like company the library is maybe just like company   the library is maybe just like company related questions that are delineated by related questions that are delineated by   related questions that are delineated by job title, by source, by whatever job title, by source, by whatever   job title, by source, by whatever somebody might be asking. But if you're somebody might be asking. But if you're   somebody might be asking. But if you're thinking about claude code manis, this thinking about claude code manis, this   thinking about claude code manis, this library can be massive, right? You can library can be massive, right? You can   library can be massive, right? You can have uh labeled scenarios for Python. Uh have uh labeled scenarios for Python. Uh   have uh labeled scenarios for Python. Uh when trying to create uh an API using when trying to create uh an API using   when trying to create uh an API using fast API that could just be a sliver of fast API that could just be a sliver of   fast API that could just be a sliver of all the test cases that you have, you all the test cases that you have, you   all the test cases that you have, you want to make sure that your system is want to make sure that your system is   want to make sure that your system is sort of having coverage over all the sort of having coverage over all the   sort of having coverage over all the possibilities for a user on top of your possibilities for a user on top of your   possibilities for a user on top of your platform. platform.   platform. Okay, Okay,   Okay, next one is going to be       and uh I'm just going to close this off and uh I'm just going to close this off   and uh I'm just going to close this off is going to be our replay harness. So, is going to be our replay harness. So,   is going to be our replay harness. So, we're at the point where now we don't we're at the point where now we don't   we're at the point where now we don't have enough time as human beings inside have enough time as human beings inside   have enough time as human beings inside of these companies to continuously do of these companies to continuously do   of these companies to continuously do this over and over again, right? we have this over and over again, right? we have   this over and over again, right? we have to sort of focus in on other aspects and to sort of focus in on other aspects and   to sort of focus in on other aspects and make sure that we're able to do this um make sure that we're able to do this um   make sure that we're able to do this um at scale systematically and that's where at scale systematically and that's where   at scale systematically and that's where something called a replay harness comes something called a replay harness comes   something called a replay harness comes in. So the thing that happens when in. So the thing that happens when   in. So the thing that happens when you're building out these EVO sets is you're building out these EVO sets is   you're building out these EVO sets is you have a specific scenario in which you have a specific scenario in which   you have a specific scenario in which you have and this input pair and this you have and this input pair and this   you have and this input pair and this output pair and you're trying to figure output pair and you're trying to figure   output pair and you're trying to figure out what went wrong. And when you're out what went wrong. And when you're   out what went wrong. And when you're when you're trying to figure out what when you're trying to figure out what   when you're trying to figure out what went wrong, it's really hard for you to went wrong, it's really hard for you to   went wrong, it's really hard for you to replay exactly what went wrong. What a replay exactly what went wrong. What a   replay exactly what went wrong. What a replay harness does is it records that replay harness does is it records that   replay harness does is it records that input output pair. It saves that exact input output pair. It saves that exact   input output pair. It saves that exact tool call set, the sources that were tool call set, the sources that were   tool call set, the sources that were used, the input values, the system used, the input values, the system   used, the input values, the system prompt, so on and so forth, and the prompt, so on and so forth, and the   prompt, so on and so forth, and the output pair. It allows you to replay it output pair. It allows you to replay it   output pair. It allows you to replay it using a cached prompt so that you can using a cached prompt so that you can   using a cached prompt so that you can change aspects of the prompt and see if change aspects of the prompt and see if   change aspects of the prompt and see if it would function much better. it would function much better.   it would function much better. This is essentially like saying if I had This is essentially like saying if I had   This is essentially like saying if I had instant replay on all the plays that I instant replay on all the plays that I   instant replay on all the plays that I was doing for basketball or like for the was doing for basketball or like for the   was doing for basketball or like for the MV NBA, I want to do that for my AI MV NBA, I want to do that for my AI   MV NBA, I want to do that for my AI system. So I can replay this scenario system. So I can replay this scenario   system. So I can replay this scenario where Alex put this question in and it where Alex put this question in and it   where Alex put this question in and it didn't give a good answer. Well, what didn't give a good answer. Well, what   didn't give a good answer. Well, what can I do to adjust that scenario to make can I do to adjust that scenario to make   can I do to adjust that scenario to make sure it does give a good answer? And sure it does give a good answer? And   sure it does give a good answer? And that's what a replay harness is. So that's what a replay harness is. So   that's what a replay harness is. So let's run that really quickly.       And as you're running this, what what it And as you're running this, what what it   And as you're running this, what what it makes me think about, I don't know if makes me think about, I don't know if   makes me think about, I don't know if this is the right way to think about this is the right way to think about   this is the right way to think about things, is it's basically turning models things, is it's basically turning models   things, is it's basically turning models which are probabilistic to be which are probabilistic to be   which are probabilistic to be quasi deterministic. like you're quasi deterministic. like you're   quasi deterministic. like you're basically giving it as many basically giving it as many   basically giving it as many deterministic rules as humanly possible deterministic rules as humanly possible   deterministic rules as humanly possible which I guess like at our core as humans which I guess like at our core as humans   which I guess like at our core as humans a lot of the we have these embedded a lot of the we have these embedded   a lot of the we have these embedded rules that we follow and of course rules that we follow and of course   rules that we follow and of course there's nuance and taste where we kind there's nuance and taste where we kind   there's nuance and taste where we kind of go off script but there's this of go off script but there's this   of go off script but there's this massive library of rules we're just massive library of rules we're just   massive library of rules we're just following based on previous experiences. following based on previous experiences.   following based on previous experiences. I don't know if that's the right way to I don't know if that's the right way to   I don't know if that's the right way to think about it but like it seems like think about it but like it seems like   think about it but like it seems like you're just adding a ton of determinism you're just adding a ton of determinism   you're just adding a ton of determinism to a probabilistic model. to a probabilistic model.   to a probabilistic model. &gt;&gt; That's exactly right. like my goal as um &gt;&gt; That's exactly right. like my goal as um   &gt;&gt; That's exactly right. like my goal as um the engineer, as the designer is what the engineer, as the designer is what   the engineer, as the designer is what can I do to make the lives of the humans can I do to make the lives of the humans   can I do to make the lives of the humans that are annotating and making sure that that are annotating and making sure that   that are annotating and making sure that this system is performing well easier, this system is performing well easier,   this system is performing well easier, right? So, if I give them this replay right? So, if I give them this replay   right? So, if I give them this replay capability, if I let my product managers capability, if I let my product managers   capability, if I let my product managers come in and just retry all of these come in and just retry all of these   come in and just retry all of these different scenarios, then they not only different scenarios, then they not only   different scenarios, then they not only can give me better feedback, but then we can give me better feedback, but then we   can give me better feedback, but then we can also test and see if if the iterate can also test and see if if the iterate   can also test and see if if the iterate iterations that we're making actually iterations that we're making actually   iterations that we're making actually make a difference. Um, so that's exactly make a difference. Um, so that's exactly   make a difference. Um, so that's exactly right. I am making an inherently right. I am making an inherently   right. I am making an inherently indeterministic system deterministic or indeterministic system deterministic or   indeterministic system deterministic or trying to at least. Okay, so this is my trying to at least. Okay, so this is my   trying to at least. Okay, so this is my replay harness and again each notebook replay harness and again each notebook   replay harness and again each notebook sort of walks you through what the sort of walks you through what the   sort of walks you through what the problem is, what it means, what it's problem is, what it means, what it's   problem is, what it means, what it's trying to do. Um, in this scenario, trying to do. Um, in this scenario,   trying to do. Um, in this scenario, stage one and two, those were live agent stage one and two, those were live agent   stage one and two, those were live agent calls. I was actually calling my ask calls. I was actually calling my ask   calls. I was actually calling my ask acme agent. I was using variable acme agent. I was using variable   acme agent. I was using variable results. I was trying to see if it was a results. I was trying to see if it was a   results. I was trying to see if it was a simple pass fail checklist criteria. simple pass fail checklist criteria.   simple pass fail checklist criteria. When you start having a replay harness, When you start having a replay harness,   When you start having a replay harness, you can actually start caching you can actually start caching   you can actually start caching responses. You can have a deterministic responses. You can have a deterministic   responses. You can have a deterministic way to test your system back and forth, way to test your system back and forth,   way to test your system back and forth, which means you can have numeric values which means you can have numeric values   which means you can have numeric values or scores associated with different or scores associated with different   or scores associated with different checkpoints of your system. And you have checkpoints of your system. And you have   checkpoints of your system. And you have the ability to continuously replay and the ability to continuously replay and   the ability to continuously replay and see if those scores go up and down if see if those scores go up and down if   see if those scores go up and down if you change the prompt, change the tool, you change the prompt, change the tool,   you change the prompt, change the tool, or change the model you're using. So in or change the model you're using. So in   or change the model you're using. So in this scenario, what's happening is I this scenario, what's happening is I   this scenario, what's happening is I have something called a record function have something called a record function   have something called a record function which is taking a session hitting the which is taking a session hitting the   which is taking a session hitting the actual agent and recording the actual actual agent and recording the actual   actual agent and recording the actual interaction that's being saved in a JSON interaction that's being saved in a JSON   interaction that's being saved in a JSON object inside of my repository. This can object inside of my repository. This can   object inside of my repository. This can be saved inside of your observability be saved inside of your observability   be saved inside of your observability platform or a database, but I'm trying platform or a database, but I'm trying   platform or a database, but I'm trying to keep everything containerized within to keep everything containerized within   to keep everything containerized within the example I gave you. I'm having a the example I gave you. I'm having a   the example I gave you. I'm having a human come in and annotate it, meaning I human come in and annotate it, meaning I   human come in and annotate it, meaning I can have the human edit the relevant can have the human edit the relevant   can have the human edit the relevant sources. I can have the human edit the sources. I can have the human edit the   sources. I can have the human edit the different keywords it should be looking different keywords it should be looking   different keywords it should be looking for. I can have the human come in and for. I can have the human come in and   for. I can have the human come in and edit the prompt and I can replay the edit the prompt and I can replay the   edit the prompt and I can replay the same uh query based on the same values same uh query based on the same values   same uh query based on the same values with the new configuration by the human. with the new configuration by the human.   with the new configuration by the human. Then I can see whether the precision, Then I can see whether the precision,   Then I can see whether the precision, the recall, the groundedness, the the recall, the groundedness, the   the recall, the groundedness, the faithfulness, these are things that faithfulness, these are things that   faithfulness, these are things that we've heard of, which I'll talk about in we've heard of, which I'll talk about in   we've heard of, which I'll talk about in a second, go up and down. These are a second, go up and down. These are   a second, go up and down. These are numeric values that we're associating numeric values that we're associating   numeric values that we're associating with the performance of the agent. And with the performance of the agent. And   with the performance of the agent. And we're all we're doing is delineating we're all we're doing is delineating   we're all we're doing is delineating changes to that replay to see if those changes to that replay to see if those   changes to that replay to see if those values go up. I am basically giving you values go up. I am basically giving you   values go up. I am basically giving you with replay harnesses a test with replay harnesses a test   with replay harnesses a test environment, a staging environment where environment, a staging environment where   environment, a staging environment where you can take uh test your system back you can take uh test your system back   you can take uh test your system back and forth to see if it actually and forth to see if it actually   and forth to see if it actually improves. improves.   improves. Does that make sense so far? Does that make sense so far?   Does that make sense so far? Makes sense. And just to understand here Makes sense. And just to understand here   Makes sense. And just to understand here in this like replay step, the human my in this like replay step, the human my   in this like replay step, the human my understanding is the human is still understanding is the human is still   understanding is the human is still required in the replay step. Uh is there required in the replay step. Uh is there   required in the replay step. Uh is there a point where you abstract the human and a point where you abstract the human and   a point where you abstract the human and the LLM? Is that where it becomes LLM as the LLM? Is that where it becomes LLM as   the LLM? Is that where it becomes LLM as a judge where LLM is the standin for the a judge where LLM is the standin for the   a judge where LLM is the standin for the human doing replay? human doing replay?   human doing replay? &gt;&gt; That's exactly right. So up until this &gt;&gt; That's exactly right. So up until this   &gt;&gt; That's exactly right. So up until this point like I have like we're basically point like I have like we're basically   point like I have like we're basically decreasing human intervention. decreasing human intervention.   decreasing human intervention. Excuse me. That golden set is like Excuse me. That golden set is like   Excuse me. That golden set is like completely all human label scenarios completely all human label scenarios   completely all human label scenarios like you can actually synthetically like you can actually synthetically   like you can actually synthetically generate some things or actually group generate some things or actually group   generate some things or actually group things together have an LLM help you out things together have an LLM help you out   things together have an LLM help you out there but it's mostly still human. In there but it's mostly still human. In   there but it's mostly still human. In replay harness it's much less human, replay harness it's much less human,   replay harness it's much less human, right? A lot of this is just the numeric right? A lot of this is just the numeric   right? A lot of this is just the numeric values that are running back and forth values that are running back and forth   values that are running back and forth and then the human is just coming in to and then the human is just coming in to   and then the human is just coming in to make tweaks. Next step which is rubrics make tweaks. Next step which is rubrics   make tweaks. Next step which is rubrics are like even less human where you have are like even less human where you have   are like even less human where you have the human build the rubric use that to the human build the rubric use that to   the human build the rubric use that to calibrate the LLM as a judge but the LLM calibrate the LLM as a judge but the LLM   calibrate the LLM as a judge but the LLM is the only one that is actually making is the only one that is actually making   is the only one that is actually making the determination.       Okay, last couple of things cuz I don't Okay, last couple of things cuz I don't   Okay, last couple of things cuz I don't know where time is going to put us, but know where time is going to put us, but   know where time is going to put us, but precision, recall, F1 score, MR, precision, recall, F1 score, MR,   precision, recall, F1 score, MR, faithfulness, groundedness, faithfulness, groundedness,   faithfulness, groundedness, completeness, relevance. There are so completeness, relevance. There are so   completeness, relevance. There are so many numeric values that you can use to many numeric values that you can use to   many numeric values that you can use to judge an LLM system. In my opinion, try judge an LLM system. In my opinion, try   judge an LLM system. In my opinion, try to pick and choose two or three to start to pick and choose two or three to start   to pick and choose two or three to start out for your replay hardness. And this out for your replay hardness. And this   out for your replay hardness. And this should be solely based on the failure should be solely based on the failure   should be solely based on the failure state of your AI system. We do a whole state of your AI system. We do a whole   state of your AI system. We do a whole another session at gauntlet for this another session at gauntlet for this   another session at gauntlet for this where we try to say like in this version where we try to say like in this version   where we try to say like in this version of a rag pipeline what are probably the of a rag pipeline what are probably the   of a rag pipeline what are probably the best scores to use or in this version of best scores to use or in this version of   best scores to use or in this version of an agent what is something that you an agent what is something that you   an agent what is something that you should keep in mind when it comes to should keep in mind when it comes to   should keep in mind when it comes to retrieval always think of precision and retrieval always think of precision and   retrieval always think of precision and recall precision is the number of recall precision is the number of   recall precision is the number of vectors that you've retrieved and of vectors that you've retrieved and of   vectors that you've retrieved and of those vectors how many are actually those vectors how many are actually   those vectors how many are actually relevant to the answer recall is the relevant to the answer recall is the   relevant to the answer recall is the sort of coverage across your entire sort of coverage across your entire   sort of coverage across your entire vector database of all the topics that vector database of all the topics that   vector database of all the topics that you might have when it comes to an agent you might have when it comes to an agent   you might have when it comes to an agent always go for your tool call eval like always go for your tool call eval like   always go for your tool call eval like does it call the right tool at the right does it call the right tool at the right   does it call the right tool at the right time. That is by far the best eval for time. That is by far the best eval for   time. That is by far the best eval for an agent. And the other evals for an an agent. And the other evals for an   an agent. And the other evals for an agent could be completeness or accuracy. agent could be completeness or accuracy.   agent could be completeness or accuracy. Sort of like an end to end eval whether Sort of like an end to end eval whether   Sort of like an end to end eval whether it actually completes the job. If you it actually completes the job. If you   it actually completes the job. If you start there, you're 80% of the way start there, you're 80% of the way   start there, you're 80% of the way there. You know, you're if you try to there. You know, you're if you try to   there. You know, you're if you try to get lost in all of these different get lost in all of these different   get lost in all of these different scores, then it's going to be like you scores, then it's going to be like you   scores, then it's going to be like you have all these scores that kind of mean have all these scores that kind of mean   have all these scores that kind of mean nothing. And so for that, I try to focus nothing. And so for that, I try to focus   nothing. And so for that, I try to focus on the two I gave you for each of those on the two I gave you for each of those   on the two I gave you for each of those categories. categories.   categories. Okay, I'm going to run these uh cells Okay, I'm going to run these uh cells   Okay, I'm going to run these uh cells and then we're going to move on to the and then we're going to move on to the   and then we're going to move on to the next one because of time. next one because of time.   next one because of time. Any specific questions that I'm missing? Any specific questions that I'm missing?   Any specific questions that I'm missing? &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is this is amazing, Ash. Um &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is this is amazing, Ash. Um   &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is this is amazing, Ash. Um I've learned so much during this I've learned so much during this   I've learned so much during this conversation. Um few questions and you conversation. Um few questions and you   conversation. Um few questions and you don't have to answer them all right now, don't have to answer them all right now,   don't have to answer them all right now, but just so you know, questions that are but just so you know, questions that are   but just so you know, questions that are being asked. One is uh Daniel said, being asked. One is uh Daniel said,   being asked. One is uh Daniel said, "Most models aren't trained on tool "Most models aren't trained on tool   "Most models aren't trained on tool calling or is that changing?" That's one calling or is that changing?" That's one   calling or is that changing?" That's one question that someone asked. Um, question that someone asked. Um,   question that someone asked. Um, let's see what else. let's see what else.   let's see what else. &gt;&gt; So, models aren't trained on tool &gt;&gt; So, models aren't trained on tool   &gt;&gt; So, models aren't trained on tool calling, but they can still do tool calling, but they can still do tool   calling, but they can still do tool calls inherently. Does that make sense? calls inherently. Does that make sense?   calls inherently. Does that make sense? I don't know. Uh, I don't know if that I don't know. Uh, I don't know if that   I don't know. Uh, I don't know if that kind of made sense, but like when you kind of made sense, but like when you   kind of made sense, but like when you tell an LLM, hey, these are all the tell an LLM, hey, these are all the   tell an LLM, hey, these are all the decisions you can make. And the LLM decisions you can make. And the LLM   decisions you can make. And the LLM comes back with maybe a JSON object and comes back with maybe a JSON object and   comes back with maybe a JSON object and says, oh, go back to this XYZ agent. It says, oh, go back to this XYZ agent. It   says, oh, go back to this XYZ agent. It can inherently make that decision can inherently make that decision   can inherently make that decision without having been trained on tool without having been trained on tool   without having been trained on tool calls. Um, so any LLM can be used for calls. Um, so any LLM can be used for   calls. Um, so any LLM can be used for tool call is what I'm trying to say. tool call is what I'm trying to say.   tool call is what I'm trying to say. &gt;&gt; Yep. Awesome. I think we're good on &gt;&gt; Yep. Awesome. I think we're good on   &gt;&gt; Yep. Awesome. I think we're good on questions for right now. Let's keep questions for right now. Let's keep   questions for right now. Let's keep running through. This is great. running through. This is great.   running through. This is great. &gt;&gt; Okay. Um, all right. So, that was our &gt;&gt; Okay. Um, all right. So, that was our   &gt;&gt; Okay. Um, all right. So, that was our replay harness to give you a sort of replay harness to give you a sort of   replay harness to give you a sort of replay environment on how to walk replay environment on how to walk   replay environment on how to walk through each of the cached versions of through each of the cached versions of   through each of the cached versions of your different prompts. The next stage your different prompts. The next stage   your different prompts. The next stage is going to be rubrics. And it's by far is going to be rubrics. And it's by far   is going to be rubrics. And it's by far my most this is the stage you kind of my most this is the stage you kind of   my most this is the stage you kind of want to get to because when you get to want to get to because when you get to   want to get to because when you get to this stage, you can scale your eval this stage, you can scale your eval   this stage, you can scale your eval system across hundreds of thousands of system across hundreds of thousands of   system across hundreds of thousands of records, um, hundreds of thousands of records, um, hundreds of thousands of   records, um, hundreds of thousands of users and still get some level of users and still get some level of   users and still get some level of indication or signal on whether or not indication or signal on whether or not   indication or signal on whether or not you should improve that system. So, I'm you should improve that system. So, I'm   you should improve that system. So, I'm going to go back to my cursor for a going to go back to my cursor for a   going to go back to my cursor for a second. second.   second. And again, I'm just walking through each And again, I'm just walking through each   And again, I'm just walking through each of these notebooks in this scenario, but of these notebooks in this scenario, but   of these notebooks in this scenario, but again, if you want to walk through this again, if you want to walk through this   again, if you want to walk through this just programmatically, you can do so as just programmatically, you can do so as   just programmatically, you can do so as well. well.   well. Uh, we're going to go to stage five, the Uh, we're going to go to stage five, the   Uh, we're going to go to stage five, the rubric.       Where is it? Stage five. Oh, stage four.       And we're going to do the same notebook And we're going to do the same notebook   And we're going to do the same notebook run again.       Okay, I'm going to switch my screen out Okay, I'm going to switch my screen out   Okay, I'm going to switch my screen out to this walkthrough. to this walkthrough.   to this walkthrough. Okay, rubric based evaluation. Okay, rubric based evaluation.   Okay, rubric based evaluation. There are There are   There are large groups of of individuals in the large groups of of individuals in the   large groups of of individuals in the Philippines, in South America, across Philippines, in South America, across   Philippines, in South America, across the United States that are just the United States that are just   the United States that are just annotating records from LLM annotating records from LLM   annotating records from LLM interactions. This is a real thing that interactions. This is a real thing that   interactions. This is a real thing that is happening. There's multi-billion is happening. There's multi-billion   is happening. There's multi-billion dollar businesses of experts annotating dollar businesses of experts annotating   dollar businesses of experts annotating different input output pairs. When different input output pairs. When   different input output pairs. When you're trying to do this, the thought you're trying to do this, the thought   you're trying to do this, the thought process is you have your expert and your process is you have your expert and your   process is you have your expert and your expert helps you create a rubric. And expert helps you create a rubric. And   expert helps you create a rubric. And the example I'll give is I have a the example I'll give is I have a   the example I'll give is I have a director of learning. His name is Byron. director of learning. His name is Byron.   director of learning. His name is Byron. Byron has all of the learning down to a Byron has all of the learning down to a   Byron has all of the learning down to a T. He knows what learning science T. He knows what learning science   T. He knows what learning science actually means. He comes in, he builds a actually means. He comes in, he builds a   actually means. He comes in, he builds a rubric that is a grading system for a rubric that is a grading system for a   rubric that is a grading system for a project that we might have. It it grades project that we might have. It it grades   project that we might have. It it grades the individual based on completeness, the individual based on completeness,   the individual based on completeness, their code quality, uh their their their code quality, uh their their   their code quality, uh their their architecture, their design, so on and so architecture, their design, so on and so   architecture, their design, so on and so forth. We take that rubric and we have forth. We take that rubric and we have   forth. We take that rubric and we have this initial input output pair and what this initial input output pair and what   this initial input output pair and what we're doing is we're saying, "Hey, we're doing is we're saying, "Hey,   we're doing is we're saying, "Hey, Byron, can you go grade this?" And then Byron, can you go grade this?" And then   Byron, can you go grade this?" And then we're telling an LLM, can you go grade we're telling an LLM, can you go grade   we're telling an LLM, can you go grade this? Then we're taking the results from this? Then we're taking the results from   this? Then we're taking the results from that rubric from the LLM and Byron and that rubric from the LLM and Byron and   that rubric from the LLM and Byron and deciding what the discrepancies are. Why deciding what the discrepancies are. Why   deciding what the discrepancies are. Why is it that Byron grades things a certain is it that Byron grades things a certain   is it that Byron grades things a certain way here, but the LLM doesn't grade way here, but the LLM doesn't grade   way here, but the LLM doesn't grade things the same way? You want to things the same way? You want to   things the same way? You want to calibrate your LLM judge to Byron calibrate your LLM judge to Byron   calibrate your LLM judge to Byron because Byron is a subject matter because Byron is a subject matter   because Byron is a subject matter expert. He understands what's going on expert. He understands what's going on   expert. He understands what's going on and he is going to be the source of and he is going to be the source of   and he is going to be the source of information and the source of truth. information and the source of truth.   information and the source of truth. Once you've calibrated based on this Once you've calibrated based on this   Once you've calibrated based on this rubric, your LLM as a judge to your rubric, your LLM as a judge to your   rubric, your LLM as a judge to your SMEI, you are now ready to scale that SMEI, you are now ready to scale that   SMEI, you are now ready to scale that rubric and that LLM because now what rubric and that LLM because now what   rubric and that LLM because now what you're going to do is you're going to you're going to do is you're going to   you're going to do is you're going to now run that same rubric, that same now run that same rubric, that same   now run that same rubric, that same model, that same prompt across hundreds model, that same prompt across hundreds   model, that same prompt across hundreds of thousands of records and you'll get of thousands of records and you'll get   of thousands of records and you'll get scores across the board. But what people scores across the board. But what people   scores across the board. But what people miss about this rubric step is that the miss about this rubric step is that the   miss about this rubric step is that the human is only involved in the beginning human is only involved in the beginning   human is only involved in the beginning of it in the calibration point. And yes, of it in the calibration point. And yes,   of it in the calibration point. And yes, every 7 days, every two months, I have every 7 days, every two months, I have   every 7 days, every two months, I have Byron come back in and make sure that Byron come back in and make sure that   Byron come back in and make sure that hey, this is still calibrated to my hey, this is still calibrated to my   hey, this is still calibrated to my liking. But I am just continuously liking. But I am just continuously   liking. But I am just continuously running this back for my entire AI running this back for my entire AI   running this back for my entire AI system. So in a nutshell, that is what system. So in a nutshell, that is what   system. So in a nutshell, that is what rubrics are.       And again, because of time, I'm going to And again, because of time, I'm going to   And again, because of time, I'm going to go a little bit faster here, but your go a little bit faster here, but your   go a little bit faster here, but your goal is goal is   goal is &gt;&gt; your goal is LLM as a judge. Train the &gt;&gt; your goal is LLM as a judge. Train the   &gt;&gt; your goal is LLM as a judge. Train the judge to be good as good as the SME. judge to be good as good as the SME.   judge to be good as good as the SME. Okay, for this last part, uh I'm going Okay, for this last part, uh I'm going   Okay, for this last part, uh I'm going to probably uh just do this sort of off to probably uh just do this sort of off   to probably uh just do this sort of off the off the cuff on the riff because of the off the cuff on the riff because of   the off the cuff on the riff because of time, but the last part are these time, but the last part are these   time, but the last part are these something I like to call experimental something I like to call experimental   something I like to call experimental configurations. And this is the last configurations. And this is the last   configurations. And this is the last stage inside of the repo. These stage inside of the repo. These   stage inside of the repo. These configurations are almost like AB configurations are almost like AB   configurations are almost like AB testing a funnel, right? When you have a testing a funnel, right? When you have a   testing a funnel, right? When you have a funnel, that funnel says, "Oh, these are funnel, that funnel says, "Oh, these are   funnel, that funnel says, "Oh, these are the uh top of funnel from Google ads, the uh top of funnel from Google ads,   the uh top of funnel from Google ads, the top of funnel from Facebook ads, and the top of funnel from Facebook ads, and   the top of funnel from Facebook ads, and then you come all the way down, you then you come all the way down, you   then you come all the way down, you realize, hey, these are different parts realize, hey, these are different parts   realize, hey, these are different parts of the funnel that need to be updated." of the funnel that need to be updated."   of the funnel that need to be updated." When it comes to your AI system, the When it comes to your AI system, the   When it comes to your AI system, the vector database you have, the model vector database you have, the model   vector database you have, the model you're using, the embedding function, you're using, the embedding function,   you're using, the embedding function, the retriever, the agent, the the retriever, the agent, the   the retriever, the agent, the orchestrator, the graph, the framework, orchestrator, the graph, the framework,   orchestrator, the graph, the framework, this all makes something called an this all makes something called an   this all makes something called an enterprise configuration. enterprise configuration.   enterprise configuration. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; [snorts]   &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; This configuration is going to be let's &gt;&gt; This configuration is going to be let's   &gt;&gt; This configuration is going to be let's say the baseline judge of what's say the baseline judge of what's   say the baseline judge of what's actually happening and you can make actually happening and you can make   actually happening and you can make several different configurations that several different configurations that   several different configurations that you can compare and experiment against. you can compare and experiment against.   you can compare and experiment against. So you want to almost treat this at like So you want to almost treat this at like   So you want to almost treat this at like sort of like a data science experiment. sort of like a data science experiment.   sort of like a data science experiment. So the newest version of GPT4, GPT5 came So the newest version of GPT4, GPT5 came   So the newest version of GPT4, GPT5 came out. Well, you're just going to switch out. Well, you're just going to switch   out. Well, you're just going to switch out that one variable, switch out that out that one variable, switch out that   out that one variable, switch out that model. You're going to run your eval set model. You're going to run your eval set   model. You're going to run your eval set on top and you're going to say, "Oh, GPT on top and you're going to say, "Oh, GPT   on top and you're going to say, "Oh, GPT 5.2 2 works way better than GPT 5 when 5.2 2 works way better than GPT 5 when   5.2 2 works way better than GPT 5 when it comes to my AI system. So what is the it comes to my AI system. So what is the   it comes to my AI system. So what is the end goal? Like what does production eval end goal? Like what does production eval   end goal? Like what does production eval systems mean? It means you have systems mean? It means you have   systems mean? It means you have experiments running in conjunction experiments running in conjunction   experiments running in conjunction across different configurations of AI across different configurations of AI   across different configurations of AI tooling, libraries, software models, tooling, libraries, software models,   tooling, libraries, software models, prompts, so on and so forth. And you're prompts, so on and so forth. And you're   prompts, so on and so forth. And you're running your eval set across all of running your eval set across all of   running your eval set across all of those configurations and making a those configurations and making a   those configurations and making a decision as to what the best thing to decision as to what the best thing to   decision as to what the best thing to expose to your user is. expose to your user is.   expose to your user is. This is a meta question but like to me This is a meta question but like to me   This is a meta question but like to me that there's it's like what what is the that there's it's like what what is the   that there's it's like what what is the human absolutely needed for in this human absolutely needed for in this   human absolutely needed for in this whole process. What comes to me is like whole process. What comes to me is like   whole process. What comes to me is like the insight from the subject matter the insight from the subject matter   the insight from the subject matter expert that the the model doesn't have expert that the the model doesn't have   expert that the the model doesn't have it is like user centricity at like the it is like user centricity at like the   it is like user centricity at like the product level but everything else it product level but everything else it   product level but everything else it feels like the model can figure out. Is feels like the model can figure out. Is   feels like the model can figure out. Is that a is that like a good assumption or that a is that like a good assumption or   that a is that like a good assumption or am I kind of not looking at this in a am I kind of not looking at this in a   am I kind of not looking at this in a nuanced enough way? nuanced enough way?   nuanced enough way? &gt;&gt; No, I think you're right. Um, and that's &gt;&gt; No, I think you're right. Um, and that's   &gt;&gt; No, I think you're right. Um, and that's not to say that the model will always not to say that the model will always   not to say that the model will always have it right. I think it will drift. have it right. I think it will drift.   have it right. I think it will drift. &gt;&gt; Uh, so you always have to bring the &gt;&gt; Uh, so you always have to bring the   &gt;&gt; Uh, so you always have to bring the human back in to recalibrate it to sort human back in to recalibrate it to sort   human back in to recalibrate it to sort of make sure it's using the rubric of make sure it's using the rubric   of make sure it's using the rubric correctly correctly. Uh, but the you as correctly correctly. Uh, but the you as   correctly correctly. Uh, but the you as the human being are the person that is the human being are the person that is   the human being are the person that is directing the model. You are calibrating directing the model. You are calibrating   directing the model. You are calibrating the model. You are deciding what the the model. You are deciding what the   the model. You are deciding what the model should look out for. You're making model should look out for. You're making   model should look out for. You're making sure that it's performing at the level sure that it's performing at the level   sure that it's performing at the level it should. it should.   it should. But everything else from the generation But everything else from the generation   But everything else from the generation of the code to the iteration of the of the code to the iteration of the   of the code to the iteration of the prompts to the actual judging can be prompts to the actual judging can be   prompts to the actual judging can be done by the yellow. done by the yellow.   done by the yellow. &gt;&gt; Awesome. One last question I have for &gt;&gt; Awesome. One last question I have for   &gt;&gt; Awesome. One last question I have for you and then Arman feel free to bring us you and then Arman feel free to bring us   you and then Arman feel free to bring us home is uh I know some folks are home is uh I know some folks are   home is uh I know some folks are probably going to wonder like what is probably going to wonder like what is   probably going to wonder like what is your ideal stack like your ideal tech your ideal stack like your ideal tech   your ideal stack like your ideal tech stack that you use to build agents to stack that you use to build agents to   stack that you use to build agents to run e valves? Like what is your AI run e valves? Like what is your AI   run e valves? Like what is your AI stack? Feel free to share kind of like stack? Feel free to share kind of like   stack? Feel free to share kind of like your your preferences your your preferences   your your preferences &gt;&gt; like my coding stack or like my building &gt;&gt; like my coding stack or like my building   &gt;&gt; like my coding stack or like my building with AI stack. You know I'm building with AI stack. You know I'm building   with AI stack. You know I'm building something with AI. Um, I love as something with AI. Um, I love as   something with AI. Um, I love as my record database. Um, usually Python my record database. Um, usually Python   my record database. Um, usually Python is going to be my primary uh, language is going to be my primary uh, language   is going to be my primary uh, language of choice. TypeScript is catching up, of choice. TypeScript is catching up,   of choice. TypeScript is catching up, but I do think the best like the but I do think the best like the   but I do think the best like the libraries and the methods in the Python libraries and the methods in the Python   libraries and the methods in the Python ecosystem are still the best. I like to ecosystem are still the best. I like to   ecosystem are still the best. I like to start off with an agent framework like start off with an agent framework like   start off with an agent framework like Langchain or AISDK. Um, but then what I Langchain or AISDK. Um, but then what I   Langchain or AISDK. Um, but then what I like to do is to take that framework and like to do is to take that framework and   like to do is to take that framework and just remake it by myself using cloud just remake it by myself using cloud   just remake it by myself using cloud code. So the initial I'll use a code. So the initial I'll use a   code. So the initial I'll use a framework but in eventually I'll use framework but in eventually I'll use   framework but in eventually I'll use make make it myself. In terms of um what make make it myself. In terms of um what   make make it myself. In terms of um what I got the Asian framework, I got the I got the Asian framework, I got the   I got the Asian framework, I got the vector database. The retriever um I'm vector database. The retriever um I'm   vector database. The retriever um I'm just basing that off of the connection just basing that off of the connection   just basing that off of the connection to the vector database. We're building to the vector database. We're building   to the vector database. We're building out my own. In terms of my model, I'm out my own. In terms of my model, I'm   out my own. In terms of my model, I'm always starting with OpenAI. Um and then always starting with OpenAI. Um and then   always starting with OpenAI. Um and then in terms of my embedding model, I'm in terms of my embedding model, I'm   in terms of my embedding model, I'm always starting always starting with um always starting always starting with um   always starting always starting with um ADA.00002. ADA.00002.   ADA.00002. I'm changing that in a configuration I'm changing that in a configuration   I'm changing that in a configuration when it comes to the enterprise stack, when it comes to the enterprise stack,   when it comes to the enterprise stack, but until then, I'm just going to stick but until then, I'm just going to stick   but until then, I'm just going to stick with OpenAI because it's honestly the with OpenAI because it's honestly the   with OpenAI because it's honestly the most reliable when it just comes to most reliable when it just comes to   most reliable when it just comes to uptime. Um, and then finally in terms of uptime. Um, and then finally in terms of   uptime. Um, and then finally in terms of like the generation steps for each like the generation steps for each   like the generation steps for each configuration, I like to keep the same configuration, I like to keep the same   configuration, I like to keep the same model and then every time I try to make model and then every time I try to make   model and then every time I try to make a new configuration, I switch the model a new configuration, I switch the model   a new configuration, I switch the model across the entire thing because I kind across the entire thing because I kind   across the entire thing because I kind of think that the prompts, the of think that the prompts, the   of think that the prompts, the embeddings, the retrieval, the embeddings, the retrieval, the   embeddings, the retrieval, the decision-m and the prompts like the decision-m and the prompts like the   decision-m and the prompts like the system prompts themselves all sort of system prompts themselves all sort of   system prompts themselves all sort of kind of are conducive to the same kind of are conducive to the same   kind of are conducive to the same ecosystem. Um, ecosystem. Um,   ecosystem. Um, &gt;&gt; love it. &gt;&gt; love it.   &gt;&gt; love it. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Yeah, Arman, feel free to bring &gt;&gt; Awesome. Yeah, Arman, feel free to bring   &gt;&gt; Awesome. Yeah, Arman, feel free to bring us home. us home.   us home. &gt;&gt; I have two questions for you. Yeah. one. &gt;&gt; I have two questions for you. Yeah. one.   &gt;&gt; I have two questions for you. Yeah. one. I am a pessimist when it comes to words I am a pessimist when it comes to words   I am a pessimist when it comes to words that I see on Twitter too much. So early that I see on Twitter too much. So early   that I see on Twitter too much. So early on when MCP started coming out, I was on when MCP started coming out, I was   on when MCP started coming out, I was like, "This is a load of garbage. This like, "This is a load of garbage. This   like, "This is a load of garbage. This is This is just another like is This is just another like   is This is just another like you say MCP and VC start writing you you say MCP and VC start writing you   you say MCP and VC start writing you checks. Like it's literally just a tool checks. Like it's literally just a tool   checks. Like it's literally just a tool call wrapper on a API call. Like I'm a call wrapper on a API call. Like I'm a   call wrapper on a API call. Like I'm a I'm a caller of and I'm I'm a I'm a caller of and I'm I'm a   I'm a caller of and I'm I'm a pessimist. pessimist.   pessimist. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah.   &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I'm I'm a pessimist about evals. &gt;&gt; I'm I'm a pessimist about evals.   &gt;&gt; I'm I'm a pessimist about evals. &gt;&gt; Why? &gt;&gt; Why?   &gt;&gt; Why? &gt;&gt; Because &gt;&gt; Because   &gt;&gt; Because it's just testing. it's just testing.   it's just testing. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep.   &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Right. It is it is the way that I think &gt;&gt; Right. It is it is the way that I think   &gt;&gt; Right. It is it is the way that I think about it is like to Alex's point, it's about it is like to Alex's point, it's   about it is like to Alex's point, it's it's you have these probabilistic it's you have these probabilistic   it's you have these probabilistic models. You want to um put some models. You want to um put some   models. You want to um put some guardrails on them. So you're going to guardrails on them. So you're going to   guardrails on them. So you're going to like create some testing that can manage like create some testing that can manage   like create some testing that can manage uh probabilistic models. I think that uh probabilistic models. I think that   uh probabilistic models. I think that that's kind of what I what I take from that's kind of what I what I take from   that's kind of what I what I take from it. I think the reason why people talk it. I think the reason why people talk   it. I think the reason why people talk about it so much is because we've all about it so much is because we've all   about it so much is because we've all spoken to enterprise or like on this spoken to enterprise or like on this   spoken to enterprise or like on this call the three of us have spoken to call the three of us have spoken to   call the three of us have spoken to enterprise customers, seuite executives enterprise customers, seuite executives   enterprise customers, seuite executives and enterprises and we've talked to VCs and enterprises and we've talked to VCs   and enterprises and we've talked to VCs and we've talked to naysayers about AI and we've talked to naysayers about AI   and we've talked to naysayers about AI and evals are a really easy answer to and evals are a really easy answer to   and evals are a really easy answer to people when they are negative about AI. people when they are negative about AI.   people when they are negative about AI. And so I think it's like, okay, we know And so I think it's like, okay, we know   And so I think it's like, okay, we know we have this tool. If people are we have this tool. If people are   we have this tool. If people are questioning us about hallucinations or questioning us about hallucinations or   questioning us about hallucinations or inaccuracies or whatever, you say eval inaccuracies or whatever, you say eval   inaccuracies or whatever, you say eval and it shuts them up. And I think that's and it shuts them up. And I think that's   and it shuts them up. And I think that's why the word eval is so common. I don't why the word eval is so common. I don't   why the word eval is so common. I don't think you agree with me. I think after think you agree with me. I think after   think you agree with me. I think after sitting here for an hour with you, I sitting here for an hour with you, I   sitting here for an hour with you, I think that you see evals as a tool think that you see evals as a tool   think that you see evals as a tool to help to help   to help an engineer build an ajetic system. Is an engineer build an ajetic system. Is   an engineer build an ajetic system. Is that right? like how do you I think you that right? like how do you I think you   that right? like how do you I think you disagree with me. Explain why you disagree with me. Explain why you   disagree with me. Explain why you disagree with me on that. disagree with me on that.   disagree with me on that. &gt;&gt; So I I don't think I disagree with you &gt;&gt; So I I don't think I disagree with you   &gt;&gt; So I I don't think I disagree with you completely. Do I think there's a ton of completely. Do I think there's a ton of   completely. Do I think there's a ton of  around evals? 100%. Um I think  around evals? 100%. Um I think    around evals? 100%. Um I think there's a lot of like hype and there's a lot of like hype and   there's a lot of like hype and oftentimes too much information oftentimes too much information   oftentimes too much information regarding specific areas on evals regarding specific areas on evals   regarding specific areas on evals especially on Twitter and like there's especially on Twitter and like there's   especially on Twitter and like there's this whole like feud and oh you need this whole like feud and oh you need   this whole like feud and oh you need evals for cloud code you don't need for evals for cloud code you don't need for   evals for cloud code you don't need for cloud code blah blah blah. cloud code blah blah blah.   cloud code blah blah blah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But do I think that us as &gt;&gt; Yeah. But do I think that us as   &gt;&gt; Yeah. But do I think that us as engineers will always need a systematic engineers will always need a systematic   engineers will always need a systematic approach to testing? Yes. Will we always approach to testing? Yes. Will we always   approach to testing? Yes. Will we always need a systematic approach to the need a systematic approach to the   need a systematic approach to the creation of iteration, the creation of creation of iteration, the creation of   creation of iteration, the creation of these AI systems and some sort of these AI systems and some sort of   these AI systems and some sort of thought process or diagram or design thought process or diagram or design   thought process or diagram or design principles around how to test these principles around how to test these   principles around how to test these systems? Yes. Are we maybe just taking systems? Yes. Are we maybe just taking   systems? Yes. Are we maybe just taking old school software engineering old school software engineering   old school software engineering principles, renaming them and now using principles, renaming them and now using   principles, renaming them and now using them for AI? Maybe. But do I think that them for AI? Maybe. But do I think that   them for AI? Maybe. But do I think that they are going to be this like the real they are going to be this like the real   they are going to be this like the real unlock for huge multinational companies unlock for huge multinational companies   unlock for huge multinational companies that finally realize like, hey, with that finally realize like, hey, with   that finally realize like, hey, with proper testing, anything is possible. I proper testing, anything is possible. I   proper testing, anything is possible. I also think that is true, too. also think that is true, too.   also think that is true, too. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay, so last question. I'm with &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay, so last question. I'm with   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay, so last question. I'm with you there. Um, last question. Uh, you there. Um, last question. Uh,   you there. Um, last question. Uh, Alex and I have literally been DMing on Alex and I have literally been DMing on   Alex and I have literally been DMing on the side here about how incredible this the side here about how incredible this   the side here about how incredible this has been. Like, you killed it. You have has been. Like, you killed it. You have   has been. Like, you killed it. You have a whole structure here. It is no wonder a whole structure here. It is no wonder   a whole structure here. It is no wonder that you spend your time teaching people that you spend your time teaching people   that you spend your time teaching people about this. I I want to make sure that about this. I I want to make sure that   about this. I I want to make sure that people understand how they should get people understand how they should get   people understand how they should get the most out of it. And as an example, I the most out of it. And as an example, I   the most out of it. And as an example, I would compare this to the Andre Carpathy would compare this to the Andre Carpathy   would compare this to the Andre Carpathy YouTube videos on AI, right? And by the YouTube videos on AI, right? And by the   YouTube videos on AI, right? And by the way, people, if you have not seen those way, people, if you have not seen those   way, people, if you have not seen those videos, I recommend you do them. I've videos, I recommend you do them. I've   videos, I recommend you do them. I've recommended uh like when when Alex and I recommended uh like when when Alex and I   recommended uh like when when Alex and I first started talking about like first started talking about like   first started talking about like upskilling an AI, right? I told him upskilling an AI, right? I told him   upskilling an AI, right? I told him like, "Hey man, I think you should go like, "Hey man, I think you should go   like, "Hey man, I think you should go watch Andrey's videos." And I think that watch Andrey's videos." And I think that   watch Andrey's videos." And I think that you should literally, this is what I you should literally, this is what I   you should literally, this is what I did. I had a notebook and a pen. Yeah. did. I had a notebook and a pen. Yeah.   did. I had a notebook and a pen. Yeah. And I It was like I was in a lecture. I And I It was like I was in a lecture. I   And I It was like I was in a lecture. I was taking notes. I would pause. I would was taking notes. I would pause. I would   was taking notes. I would pause. I would prove the math. I would I had a Jupyter prove the math. I would I had a Jupyter   prove the math. I would I had a Jupyter notebook and I was writing the code notebook and I was writing the code   notebook and I was writing the code letter by letter to make sure it was letter by letter to make sure it was   letter by letter to make sure it was sinking in. I was running it. Like sinking in. I was running it. Like   sinking in. I was running it. Like that's how I went through Andre's that's how I went through Andre's   that's how I went through Andre's videos. So, a two-hour video took me two videos. So, a two-hour video took me two   videos. So, a two-hour video took me two days to get through. How do you days to get through. How do you   days to get through. How do you recommend people go through this video? recommend people go through this video?   recommend people go through this video? &gt;&gt; I think for me, &gt;&gt; I think for me,   &gt;&gt; I think for me, Apple hands- on keyboard is by far the Apple hands- on keyboard is by far the   Apple hands- on keyboard is by far the most important thing when it comes to my most important thing when it comes to my   most important thing when it comes to my repository. So, I don't want you to just repository. So, I don't want you to just   repository. So, I don't want you to just watch me. I want you to actually try to watch me. I want you to actually try to   watch me. I want you to actually try to break what I've built. break what I've built.   break what I've built. Because if you can try to break what Because if you can try to break what   Because if you can try to break what I've built, see some of the errors I've built, see some of the errors   I've built, see some of the errors associated with it because I'm sure associated with it because I'm sure   associated with it because I'm sure there's something in there. The goal there's something in there. The goal   there's something in there. The goal should be that you're running this on should be that you're running this on   should be that you're running this on your own. You're walking through each your own. You're walking through each   your own. You're walking through each step of it. You're disagreeing with step of it. You're disagreeing with   step of it. You're disagreeing with aspects of it. You're editing out of it. aspects of it. You're editing out of it.   aspects of it. You're editing out of it. You're having Cloud Code teach you You're having Cloud Code teach you   You're having Cloud Code teach you aspects of it. And the amount of time aspects of it. And the amount of time   aspects of it. And the amount of time you sort of do hands-on keyboard. Yeah. you sort of do hands-on keyboard. Yeah.   you sort of do hands-on keyboard. Yeah. &gt;&gt; The video should come in where you feel &gt;&gt; The video should come in where you feel   &gt;&gt; The video should come in where you feel like you almost disagree with my like you almost disagree with my   like you almost disagree with my perspective or you think, "Oh, this perspective or you think, "Oh, this   perspective or you think, "Oh, this doesn't make any sense. Let me go see doesn't make any sense. Let me go see   doesn't make any sense. Let me go see and hear what Ash is saying." So and hear what Ash is saying." So   and hear what Ash is saying." So obviously I'm guessing they'll get a obviously I'm guessing they'll get a   obviously I'm guessing they'll get a transcript on the whole nine yards. But transcript on the whole nine yards. But   transcript on the whole nine yards. But the long story short is let's say you're the long story short is let's say you're   the long story short is let's say you're going through your label scenarios and going through your label scenarios and   going through your label scenarios and you're like okay I want to see what Ash you're like okay I want to see what Ash   you're like okay I want to see what Ash said. You can go back and come and go said. You can go back and come and go   said. You can go back and come and go back into continuing to do what we're back into continuing to do what we're   back into continuing to do what we're doing. I also think you should take my doing. I also think you should take my   doing. I also think you should take my repo and try to recreate it with your repo and try to recreate it with your   repo and try to recreate it with your own example. own example.   own example. If you're able do that you've pretty If you're able do that you've pretty   If you're able do that you've pretty much ingested everything else. So those much ingested everything else. So those   much ingested everything else. So those are my three big tips. Um keyboard is are my three big tips. Um keyboard is   are my three big tips. Um keyboard is key. Try to break things. try to change key. Try to break things. try to change   key. Try to break things. try to change things, manipulate things. Uh two, come things, manipulate things. Uh two, come   things, manipulate things. Uh two, come back to the video when you have key back to the video when you have key   back to the video when you have key aspects and you need clarification on aspects and you need clarification on   aspects and you need clarification on maybe using the transcript. And then maybe using the transcript. And then   maybe using the transcript. And then finally, try to clone and replicate my finally, try to clone and replicate my   finally, try to clone and replicate my repository for your own AI system repository for your own AI system   repository for your own AI system because cloning by far and this like a because cloning by far and this like a   because cloning by far and this like a gauntlet tenant by the way is like the gauntlet tenant by the way is like the   gauntlet tenant by the way is like the best way to learn something.       &gt;&gt; You're uh muted. &gt;&gt; You're uh muted.   &gt;&gt; You're uh muted. &gt;&gt; Am I good now? You're good now. &gt;&gt; Am I good now? You're good now.   &gt;&gt; Am I good now? You're good now. &gt;&gt; Okay, cool. Like like I think that &gt;&gt; Okay, cool. Like like I think that   &gt;&gt; Okay, cool. Like like I think that ultimately when people look at sample ultimately when people look at sample   ultimately when people look at sample code a lot of times they treat it as code a lot of times they treat it as   code a lot of times they treat it as precious precious   precious &gt;&gt; and I think it's actually really &gt;&gt; and I think it's actually really   &gt;&gt; and I think it's actually really important like delete a line of code important like delete a line of code   important like delete a line of code &gt;&gt; see what happens &gt;&gt; see what happens   &gt;&gt; see what happens &gt;&gt; add it back &gt;&gt; add it back   &gt;&gt; add it back &gt;&gt; delete a letter see what like &gt;&gt; delete a letter see what like   &gt;&gt; delete a letter see what like &gt;&gt; beat it up like like code is clay and &gt;&gt; beat it up like like code is clay and   &gt;&gt; beat it up like like code is clay and you have to play with it like clay and you have to play with it like clay and   you have to play with it like clay and so I think I I I agree like if if I if I so I think I I I agree like if if I if I   so I think I I I agree like if if I if I were to go through this again I would were to go through this again I would   were to go through this again I would watch the video from scratch not touch a watch the video from scratch not touch a   watch the video from scratch not touch a thing then I would look at the repo and thing then I would look at the repo and   thing then I would look at the repo and I would download the repo and like you I would download the repo and like you   I would download the repo and like you said, just play with it, beat it up. And said, just play with it, beat it up. And   said, just play with it, beat it up. And I'm seeing questions about where will I'm seeing questions about where will   I'm seeing questions about where will the recording be. The recording is going the recording be. The recording is going   the recording be. The recording is going to be on YouTube and we're going to link to be on YouTube and we're going to link   to be on YouTube and we're going to link to everything in the show uh show notes. to everything in the show uh show notes.   to everything in the show uh show notes. Um and Um and   Um and &gt;&gt; and be an awesome resource. &gt;&gt; and be an awesome resource.   &gt;&gt; and be an awesome resource. &gt;&gt; We we send the recording to everyone &gt;&gt; We we send the recording to everyone   &gt;&gt; We we send the recording to everyone after uh who register for this, so after uh who register for this, so   after uh who register for this, so you'll be getting it before it goes on you'll be getting it before it goes on   you'll be getting it before it goes on YouTube. And just from the non-engineers YouTube. And just from the non-engineers   YouTube. And just from the non-engineers perspective, my plan is to go through perspective, my plan is to go through   perspective, my plan is to go through this as well. And it'll just look a this as well. And it'll just look a   this as well. And it'll just look a little bit different be, which is I'm little bit different be, which is I'm   little bit different be, which is I'm gonna fire up Claude code and I'm gonna gonna fire up Claude code and I'm gonna   gonna fire up Claude code and I'm gonna basically have Claude code walk me basically have Claude code walk me   basically have Claude code walk me through going through this repo step by through going through this repo step by   through going through this repo step by step. And in doing so, it's going to step. And in doing so, it's going to   step. And in doing so, it's going to basically be as if I have Ash or Arman basically be as if I have Ash or Arman   basically be as if I have Ash or Arman looking over my shoulder, rebuilding looking over my shoulder, rebuilding   looking over my shoulder, rebuilding this agent. this agent.   this agent. &gt;&gt; You want Ash over your shoulder. He's &gt;&gt; You want Ash over your shoulder. He's   &gt;&gt; You want Ash over your shoulder. He's going to be much more knowledgeable. I'm going to be much more knowledgeable. I'm   going to be much more knowledgeable. I'm going to be a bit of an so you going to be a bit of an so you   going to be a bit of an so you don't want me over your shoulder. don't want me over your shoulder.   don't want me over your shoulder. [laughter] [laughter]   [laughter] this um Ash this was amazing. Thank you this um Ash this was amazing. Thank you   this um Ash this was amazing. Thank you so much for taking us through this. Like so much for taking us through this. Like   so much for taking us through this. Like I think again like Arman said like in I think again like Arman said like in   I think again like Arman said like in the in the Twitter zeitgeist evals are the in the Twitter zeitgeist evals are   the in the Twitter zeitgeist evals are talked about a ton and I don't think talked about a ton and I don't think   talked about a ton and I don't think people actually know what they mean and people actually know what they mean and   people actually know what they mean and they kind of feel like witch magic to they kind of feel like witch magic to   they kind of feel like witch magic to people and I I would say this is the people and I I would say this is the   people and I I would say this is the first time that I actually have some first time that I actually have some   first time that I actually have some level of clarity around what they mean level of clarity around what they mean   level of clarity around what they mean in practice. And so I'm excited to just in practice. And so I'm excited to just   in practice. And so I'm excited to just like actually and they also feel like like actually and they also feel like   like actually and they also feel like they're such like they are such a core they're such like they are such a core   they're such like they are such a core piece of building agents and because I piece of building agents and because I   piece of building agents and because I didn't understand what eval I wasn't didn't understand what eval I wasn't   didn't understand what eval I wasn't sure like how can I build an agent so it sure like how can I build an agent so it   sure like how can I build an agent so it almost feels like a missing piece of the almost feels like a missing piece of the   almost feels like a missing piece of the puzzle. So I think this is awesome. I puzzle. So I think this is awesome. I   puzzle. So I think this is awesome. I can't wait to fire up the repo and I can't wait to fire up the repo and I   can't wait to fire up the repo and I think people are going to get a ton of think people are going to get a ton of   think people are going to get a ton of value out of this. So we really value out of this. So we really   value out of this. So we really appreciate you. appreciate you.   appreciate you. &gt;&gt; No I and I emails are more like an art &gt;&gt; No I and I emails are more like an art   &gt;&gt; No I and I emails are more like an art form not like a hey this is the exact form not like a hey this is the exact   form not like a hey this is the exact way to do it. So like please try to way to do it. So like please try to   way to do it. So like please try to break my thought process. Send up some break my thought process. Send up some   break my thought process. Send up some PRs. I'd love to give feedback and PRs. I'd love to give feedback and   PRs. I'd love to give feedback and thanks for having me, guys. thanks for having me, guys.   thanks for having me, guys. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Thanks, Ash. And thank you &gt;&gt; Awesome. Thanks, Ash. And thank you   &gt;&gt; Awesome. Thanks, Ash. And thank you everyone as always for joining. See you. everyone as always for joining. See you.   everyone as always for joining. See you. Bye.