how they built [music] this lead agent how they built [music] this lead agent   how they built [music] this lead agent that allowed them to go from 10 SDRs to that allowed them to go from 10 SDRs to   that allowed them to go from 10 SDRs to one SDR. one SDR.   one SDR. &gt;&gt; So, is what you're saying that if people &gt;&gt; So, is what you're saying that if people   &gt;&gt; So, is what you're saying that if people stay to the end of this, they will also stay to the end of this, they will also   stay to the end of this, they will also make $2 million if you go apply it to make $2 million if you go apply it to   make $2 million if you go apply it to your business. Yeah. Lead agent started your business. Yeah. Lead agent started   your business. Yeah. Lead agent started small. [music] Just an idea I had in a small. [music] Just an idea I had in a   small. [music] Just an idea I had in a shower that sat down and coded over a shower that sat down and coded over a   shower that sat down and coded over a weekend.       What's up everyone? Welcome back to What's up everyone? Welcome back to   What's up everyone? Welcome back to another episode of Human in the Loop, another episode of Human in the Loop,   another episode of Human in the Loop, the most actionable AI show on the the most actionable AI show on the   the most actionable AI show on the internet. I'm one of your hosts, Alex internet. I'm one of your hosts, Alex   internet. I'm one of your hosts, Alex Lieberman, co-founder and managing Lieberman, co-founder and managing   Lieberman, co-founder and managing partner at 10X. On today's episode, we partner at 10X. On today's episode, we   partner at 10X. On today's episode, we have Drew Brevik, the head of GTM have Drew Brevik, the head of GTM   have Drew Brevik, the head of GTM engineering at Verscell. And Drew is engineering at Verscell. And Drew is   engineering at Verscell. And Drew is going to show us how he built an inbound going to show us how he built an inbound   going to show us how he built an inbound sales agent that drove $2 million of sales agent that drove $2 million of   sales agent that drove $2 million of incremental revenue and took the SDR incremental revenue and took the SDR   incremental revenue and took the SDR team at Verscell from 20 to two people. team at Verscell from 20 to two people.   team at Verscell from 20 to two people. The craziest part, he built the thing in The craziest part, he built the thing in   The craziest part, he built the thing in a weekend. on the show. He's going to a weekend. on the show. He's going to   a weekend. on the show. He's going to show you his step-by-step process for show you his step-by-step process for   show you his step-by-step process for shadowing the best SDR at the company, shadowing the best SDR at the company,   shadowing the best SDR at the company, building a prototype of the agent, and building a prototype of the agent, and   building a prototype of the agent, and ultimately deploying it across the ultimately deploying it across the   ultimately deploying it across the entire company. So, let's fire it up. entire company. So, let's fire it up.   entire company. So, let's fire it up. Drew, let's start from the top. Please Drew, let's start from the top. Please   Drew, let's start from the top. Please introduce yourself and share with the introduce yourself and share with the   introduce yourself and share with the group what they can expect to get by the group what they can expect to get by the   group what they can expect to get by the end of this conversation if they wait end of this conversation if they wait   end of this conversation if they wait till the end. till the end.   till the end. &gt;&gt; Sounds good. Um, hey, I'm Drew. Uh, I &gt;&gt; Sounds good. Um, hey, I'm Drew. Uh, I   &gt;&gt; Sounds good. Um, hey, I'm Drew. Uh, I run GCM engineering at Verscell. been at run GCM engineering at Verscell. been at   run GCM engineering at Verscell. been at Purscell four and a half years. Uh Purscell four and a half years. Uh   Purscell four and a half years. Uh started my career as a full stack started my career as a full stack   started my career as a full stack webdev, have a CS degree, all that good webdev, have a CS degree, all that good   webdev, have a CS degree, all that good stuff. Uh transitioned to sales stuff. Uh transitioned to sales   stuff. Uh transitioned to sales engineering. Um had never really heard engineering. Um had never really heard   engineering. Um had never really heard of it before, but heard the advice, you of it before, but heard the advice, you   of it before, but heard the advice, you know, there's a rocket ship, just get know, there's a rocket ship, just get   know, there's a rocket ship, just get on, don't ask questions. Uh Versell is a on, don't ask questions. Uh Versell is a   on, don't ask questions. Uh Versell is a great company. So I joined. Um turns out great company. So I joined. Um turns out   great company. So I joined. Um turns out it's kind of just helping people uh it's kind of just helping people uh   it's kind of just helping people uh evaluate Versel, see if Nex.js is a good evaluate Versel, see if Nex.js is a good   evaluate Versel, see if Nex.js is a good fit for them, all that good stuff. Get fit for them, all that good stuff. Get   fit for them, all that good stuff. Get them successful and into production. did them successful and into production. did   them successful and into production. did that for two years, managed the team for that for two years, managed the team for   that for two years, managed the team for another two. Uh, and then now I'm doing another two. Uh, and then now I'm doing   another two. Uh, and then now I'm doing this GTM engineering role after this GTM engineering role after   this GTM engineering role after basically learning everything about GTM. basically learning everything about GTM.   basically learning everything about GTM. And I know there's more you can learn And I know there's more you can learn   And I know there's more you can learn more than four years worth of work. Um, more than four years worth of work. Um,   more than four years worth of work. Um, but learning that pretty well. Uh, and but learning that pretty well. Uh, and   but learning that pretty well. Uh, and then knowing AI and being an engineer then knowing AI and being an engineer   then knowing AI and being an engineer kind of felt like the right time to go kind of felt like the right time to go   kind of felt like the right time to go stand up a team to to focus on um stand up a team to to focus on um   stand up a team to to focus on um automating some of the the crap no one automating some of the the crap no one   automating some of the the crap no one wants to do in sales. um what you can wants to do in sales. um what you can   wants to do in sales. um what you can expect. We're going to run through um expect. We're going to run through um   expect. We're going to run through um kind of how we did build this. So, kind of how we did build this. So,   kind of how we did build this. So, that's definitely going to be covered. that's definitely going to be covered.   that's definitely going to be covered. Uh we've got some code snippets. We've Uh we've got some code snippets. We've   Uh we've got some code snippets. We've got an open source template and we've got an open source template and we've   got an open source template and we've got some diagrams to kind of go over um got some diagrams to kind of go over um   got some diagrams to kind of go over um kind of like how we think about agents kind of like how we think about agents   kind of like how we think about agents at Burcell and building them. And then at Burcell and building them. And then   at Burcell and building them. And then uh a bunch of links that I can throw in uh a bunch of links that I can throw in   uh a bunch of links that I can throw in the chat too with uh all the different the chat too with uh all the different   the chat too with uh all the different components of how we built it. components of how we built it.   components of how we built it. &gt;&gt; Sweet. Before we go into that, you know, &gt;&gt; Sweet. Before we go into that, you know,   &gt;&gt; Sweet. Before we go into that, you know, like how professional athletes like you like how professional athletes like you   like how professional athletes like you can can watch their highlight reel of can can watch their highlight reel of   can can watch their highlight reel of like the the be the best things they've like the the be the best things they've   like the the be the best things they've ever done in game for their sport. ever done in game for their sport.   ever done in game for their sport. What's like the highlight reel of the What's like the highlight reel of the   What's like the highlight reel of the lead agent? What uh incremental revenue lead agent? What uh incremental revenue   lead agent? What uh incremental revenue has it driven for the business? Like has it driven for the business? Like   has it driven for the business? Like what what is the quantitative impact what what is the quantitative impact   what what is the quantitative impact this has had on Versel as a company? this has had on Versel as a company?   this has had on Versel as a company? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So the um 10 to one was actually &gt;&gt; Yeah. So the um 10 to one was actually   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So the um 10 to one was actually before we rolled this out globally. So before we rolled this out globally. So   before we rolled this out globally. So that was just the mayor numbers. It's that was just the mayor numbers. It's   that was just the mayor numbers. It's more like 20 to2 when you do the global more like 20 to2 when you do the global   more like 20 to2 when you do the global impact. Um that translates into some impact. Um that translates into some   impact. Um that translates into some really good savings on both the salary really good savings on both the salary   really good savings on both the salary and variable comp you might pay out of and variable comp you might pay out of   and variable comp you might pay out of sales or but um then we also took those sales or but um then we also took those   sales or but um then we also took those people and shifted them into that um people and shifted them into that um   people and shifted them into that um outbound role. So they're now producing outbound role. So they're now producing   outbound role. So they're now producing and and that's like in a sales career and and that's like in a sales career   and and that's like in a sales career ladder that's a more tenured uh position ladder that's a more tenured uh position   ladder that's a more tenured uh position essentially. So, we kind of gave all of essentially. So, we kind of gave all of   essentially. So, we kind of gave all of these people a promotion, uh, put them these people a promotion, uh, put them   these people a promotion, uh, put them in a a new role, and then we also for in a a new role, and then we also for   in a a new role, and then we also for the person working, the lead agent, um, the person working, the lead agent, um,   the person working, the lead agent, um, kind of switched the role from being kind of switched the role from being   kind of switched the role from being very tedious to being more like a video very tedious to being more like a video   very tedious to being more like a video game. We basically like built a system game. We basically like built a system   game. We basically like built a system and gave them the controller. So, she's and gave them the controller. So, she's   and gave them the controller. So, she's having more fun, too. Um, and so, yeah, having more fun, too. Um, and so, yeah,   having more fun, too. Um, and so, yeah, it's a it's a win-win all around. the it's a it's a win-win all around. the   it's a it's a win-win all around. the ROI. I think I did some rough math and ROI. I think I did some rough math and   ROI. I think I did some rough math and even if you don't account for the extra even if you don't account for the extra   even if you don't account for the extra revenue the the outbound SDRs are revenue the the outbound SDRs are   revenue the the outbound SDRs are making. It's somewhere around two buck making. It's somewhere around two buck   making. It's somewhere around two buck uh two two million bucks uh a year and uh two two million bucks uh a year and   uh two two million bucks uh a year and the so that puts it carrying costwise the so that puts it carrying costwise   the so that puts it carrying costwise maybe 60k of hours uh orge dollars. Um maybe 60k of hours uh orge dollars. Um   maybe 60k of hours uh orge dollars. Um so 32xer uh return on investment. Not so 32xer uh return on investment. Not   so 32xer uh return on investment. Not bad. Um but yeah that's that's the bad. Um but yeah that's that's the   bad. Um but yeah that's that's the that's the highlight. that's the highlight.   that's the highlight. &gt;&gt; That's awesome. And now and now you're &gt;&gt; That's awesome. And now and now you're   &gt;&gt; That's awesome. And now and now you're nice enough to show us how uh you're you nice enough to show us how uh you're you   nice enough to show us how uh you're you got something that was 32x ROI, you got something that was 32x ROI, you   got something that was 32x ROI, you know, drove know, drove   know, drove &gt;&gt; Yeah. Go ahead. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Go ahead.   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Go ahead. &gt;&gt; So, is what you're saying that if if &gt;&gt; So, is what you're saying that if if   &gt;&gt; So, is what you're saying that if if people stay to the end of this, they people stay to the end of this, they   people stay to the end of this, they will also make $2 million. Is that a will also make $2 million. Is that a   will also make $2 million. Is that a promise that we're making? promise that we're making?   promise that we're making? &gt;&gt; If you go apply it to your business. &gt;&gt; If you go apply it to your business.   &gt;&gt; If you go apply it to your business. Yeah, Yeah,   Yeah, &gt;&gt; you heard it here first, everybody. &gt;&gt; you heard it here first, everybody.   &gt;&gt; you heard it here first, everybody. &gt;&gt; Like, &gt;&gt; Like,   &gt;&gt; Like, &gt;&gt; love it. &gt;&gt; love it.   &gt;&gt; love it. &gt;&gt; You got to go apply it though. You got &gt;&gt; You got to go apply it though. You got   &gt;&gt; You got to go apply it though. You got to do the work. You can't just uh to do the work. You can't just uh   to do the work. You can't just uh install the template and leave it sit. install the template and leave it sit.   install the template and leave it sit. &gt;&gt; Love it. Okay. So, let let's dive in. &gt;&gt; Love it. Okay. So, let let's dive in.   &gt;&gt; Love it. Okay. So, let let's dive in. Where do you want to start? Where do you want to start?   Where do you want to start? &gt;&gt; Cool. Um, maybe a screen share. &gt;&gt; Cool. Um, maybe a screen share.   &gt;&gt; Cool. Um, maybe a screen share. &gt;&gt; You're probably wondering, why is he &gt;&gt; You're probably wondering, why is he   &gt;&gt; You're probably wondering, why is he wearing this hat? I'll tell you why. I'm wearing this hat? I'll tell you why. I'm   wearing this hat? I'll tell you why. I'm in New York City. It's like 30°. I don't in New York City. It's like 30°. I don't   in New York City. It's like 30°. I don't want to freeze my, you know what, off, want to freeze my, you know what, off,   want to freeze my, you know what, off, but this isn't about me. It's about you. but this isn't about me. It's about you.   but this isn't about me. It's about you. You have given us your time watching You have given us your time watching   You have given us your time watching this video, and we wanted to make it as this video, and we wanted to make it as   this video, and we wanted to make it as easy as possible for you. So, we turned easy as possible for you. So, we turned   easy as possible for you. So, we turned this whole episode into a playbook on this whole episode into a playbook on   this whole episode into a playbook on our website. Just click on the link in our website. Just click on the link in   our website. Just click on the link in the description and you can get the the description and you can get the   the description and you can get the whole playbook with prompts, with steps, whole playbook with prompts, with steps,   whole playbook with prompts, with steps, all the details you need to apply this all the details you need to apply this   all the details you need to apply this to your work. Check it out. to your work. Check it out.   to your work. Check it out. &gt;&gt; Okay. Um, so here is a contact sales &gt;&gt; Okay. Um, so here is a contact sales   &gt;&gt; Okay. Um, so here is a contact sales form. Everybody's seen one of these form. Everybody's seen one of these   form. Everybody's seen one of these before. The interesting thing that I before. The interesting thing that I   before. The interesting thing that I noticed, everybody had been told to use noticed, everybody had been told to use   noticed, everybody had been told to use AI in their business. And what was AI in their business. And what was   AI in their business. And what was really happening at companies, including really happening at companies, including   really happening at companies, including at Verscell, was that we would just go at Verscell, was that we would just go   at Verscell, was that we would just go buy enterprise licenses to different buy enterprise licenses to different   buy enterprise licenses to different tooling and we wouldn't actually really tooling and we wouldn't actually really   tooling and we wouldn't actually really change the way the business was running. change the way the business was running.   change the way the business was running. We would give people great AI tooling, We would give people great AI tooling,   We would give people great AI tooling, but it it wasn't like part of how the but it it wasn't like part of how the   but it it wasn't like part of how the business functioned. Um, and so I was business functioned. Um, and so I was   business functioned. Um, and so I was looking for things to go kind of looking for things to go kind of   looking for things to go kind of automate and play around with AI. And I automate and play around with AI. And I   automate and play around with AI. And I learned that all of our contact sales learned that all of our contact sales   learned that all of our contact sales submissions, including the spam crap submissions, including the spam crap   submissions, including the spam crap that you see on the internet, right, that you see on the internet, right,   that you see on the internet, right, it's a public form. This is going to get it's a public form. This is going to get   it's a public form. This is going to get tons of junk. We were pinging people at tons of junk. We were pinging people at   tons of junk. We were pinging people at all times of day and night and saying all times of day and night and saying   all times of day and night and saying like, "Hey, look at this and decide if like, "Hey, look at this and decide if   like, "Hey, look at this and decide if it's worth working or not." Um, so we it's worth working or not." Um, so we   it's worth working or not." Um, so we were wasting tons of people's time and were wasting tons of people's time and   were wasting tons of people's time and then the result that we were getting was then the result that we were getting was   then the result that we were getting was also not great, too, because uh you also not great, too, because uh you   also not great, too, because uh you might ping an SDR who's asleep at that might ping an SDR who's asleep at that   might ping an SDR who's asleep at that time. and because it got routed to them. time. and because it got routed to them.   time. and because it got routed to them. So you you might not even get a response So you you might not even get a response   So you you might not even get a response back to the submission here um for you back to the submission here um for you   back to the submission here um for you know 24 or 48 hours and that's not the know 24 or 48 hours and that's not the   know 24 or 48 hours and that's not the type of experience you want when like type of experience you want when like   type of experience you want when like buying something simple you know buying buying something simple you know buying   buying something simple you know buying something premium like for sale that's a something premium like for sale that's a   something premium like for sale that's a horrible experience. So um we we wanted horrible experience. So um we we wanted   horrible experience. So um we we wanted to increase uh or decrease that speed to to increase uh or decrease that speed to   to increase uh or decrease that speed to lead. Um that's the before state. the lead. Um that's the before state. the   lead. Um that's the before state. the after state after state   after state basically yeah contact sales uh we do a basically yeah contact sales uh we do a   basically yeah contact sales uh we do a little bit of enrichment in the uh little bit of enrichment in the uh   little bit of enrichment in the uh nextjs application deployed to versel uh nextjs application deployed to versel uh   nextjs application deployed to versel uh some traditional CRM enrichment as well some traditional CRM enrichment as well   some traditional CRM enrichment as well plugged into all the providers you think plugged into all the providers you think   plugged into all the providers you think um and then we hand it off to lead agent um and then we hand it off to lead agent   um and then we hand it off to lead agent and lead agent sorts for the first thing and lead agent sorts for the first thing   and lead agent sorts for the first thing it does is sorts and it kind of assigns it does is sorts and it kind of assigns   it does is sorts and it kind of assigns these different buckets and then after these different buckets and then after   these different buckets and then after that for the human in the loop app it that for the human in the loop app it   that for the human in the loop app it pings somebody on Slack. These are all pings somebody on Slack. These are all   pings somebody on Slack. These are all testing ones here. Um but it would ping testing ones here. Um but it would ping   testing ones here. Um but it would ping the sales engineer or the SDR rather the sales engineer or the SDR rather   the sales engineer or the SDR rather that's working this forms. Right now that's working this forms. Right now   that's working this forms. Right now it's just the the two people globally it's just the the two people globally   it's just the the two people globally that I mentioned. Um they'll get a Slack that I mentioned. Um they'll get a Slack   that I mentioned. Um they'll get a Slack ping then they can go look into the ping then they can go look into the   ping then they can go look into the research. And so again, a test one here, research. And so again, a test one here,   research. And so again, a test one here, but um we've basically implemented this but um we've basically implemented this   but um we've basically implemented this deep research functionality based off of deep research functionality based off of   deep research functionality based off of how anthropic uh mentioned it and I can how anthropic uh mentioned it and I can   how anthropic uh mentioned it and I can share the link there. Um but really what share the link there. Um but really what   share the link there. Um but really what this is basically you want to give your this is basically you want to give your   this is basically you want to give your agent as much context before it makes a agent as much context before it makes a   agent as much context before it makes a decision as possible. This is a custom decision as possible. This is a custom   decision as possible. This is a custom Nex.js app we built with um a couple Nex.js app we built with um a couple   Nex.js app we built with um a couple different tool calls in an agent that different tool calls in an agent that   different tool calls in an agent that connect it to our CRM. um some internal connect it to our CRM. um some internal   connect it to our CRM. um some internal tooling that detects uh text stack. Um tooling that detects uh text stack. Um   tooling that detects uh text stack. Um we connect it to exa.ai as well so that we connect it to exa.ai as well so that   we connect it to exa.ai as well so that it has access to the web and can go pull it has access to the web and can go pull   it has access to the web and can go pull from stuff like that. So this gets from stuff like that. So this gets   from stuff like that. So this gets linked in and researches everything linked in and researches everything   linked in and researches everything about the company, pulls sources for about the company, pulls sources for   about the company, pulls sources for you. So you have this great report. This you. So you have this great report. This   you. So you have this great report. This feeds into the decisions the AI is feeds into the decisions the AI is   feeds into the decisions the AI is making, but then it's also an artifact making, but then it's also an artifact   making, but then it's also an artifact that the humans that are in the loop can that the humans that are in the loop can   that the humans that are in the loop can use as well. use as well.   use as well. So, so Drew, just to just to um can we So, so Drew, just to just to um can we   So, so Drew, just to just to um can we start from the top? So, so just to start from the top? So, so just to   start from the top? So, so just to review, a form comes in and could you go review, a form comes in and could you go   review, a form comes in and could you go to that that uh diagram? So, the form to that that uh diagram? So, the form   to that that uh diagram? So, the form comes in. What is clear bit just for comes in. What is clear bit just for   comes in. What is clear bit just for people who don't know? people who don't know?   people who don't know? &gt;&gt; Yeah, clear bit is an enrichment &gt;&gt; Yeah, clear bit is an enrichment   &gt;&gt; Yeah, clear bit is an enrichment provider. I think HubSpotbot recently provider. I think HubSpotbot recently   provider. I think HubSpotbot recently actually. Um, but uh, yeah. So, this actually. Um, but uh, yeah. So, this   actually. Um, but uh, yeah. So, this this does a good job of, you know, when this does a good job of, you know, when   this does a good job of, you know, when you submit this, if you have a Versel you submit this, if you have a Versel   you submit this, if you have a Versel account, we know a bunch about you account, we know a bunch about you   account, we know a bunch about you already, but there's people submitting already, but there's people submitting   already, but there's people submitting this that we know almost nothing about. this that we know almost nothing about.   this that we know almost nothing about. &gt;&gt; So, you take their email and then &gt;&gt; So, you take their email and then   &gt;&gt; So, you take their email and then ClearBut basically gives you like their ClearBut basically gives you like their   ClearBut basically gives you like their name and all this other stuff that name and all this other stuff that   name and all this other stuff that enriches who they are or whatever. enriches who they are or whatever.   enriches who they are or whatever. &gt;&gt; Exactly. And then, uh, also, sorry, can &gt;&gt; Exactly. And then, uh, also, sorry, can   &gt;&gt; Exactly. And then, uh, also, sorry, can we just do a like a zoom into this a we just do a like a zoom into this a   we just do a like a zoom into this a little bit? We're just seeing a few little bit? We're just seeing a few   little bit? We're just seeing a few comments from folks just saying that comments from folks just saying that   comments from folks just saying that it's a little uh minimized. they can't it's a little uh minimized. they can't   it's a little uh minimized. they can't read what we're going through. read what we're going through.   read what we're going through. &gt;&gt; There we go. &gt;&gt; There we go.   &gt;&gt; There we go. &gt;&gt; Sweet. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Sweet. Thank you.   &gt;&gt; Sweet. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah.   &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um and then yeah, so the CRM enrichment &gt;&gt; Um and then yeah, so the CRM enrichment   &gt;&gt; Um and then yeah, so the CRM enrichment flow, we interact with Salesforce a lot flow, we interact with Salesforce a lot   flow, we interact with Salesforce a lot via APIs. Um but our CRM has a bunch of via APIs. Um but our CRM has a bunch of   via APIs. Um but our CRM has a bunch of integrations with Y Zoom Info and um all integrations with Y Zoom Info and um all   integrations with Y Zoom Info and um all the different providers you would we we the different providers you would we we   the different providers you would we we have so many data providers. Um, so all have so many data providers. Um, so all   have so many data providers. Um, so all that syncs in and then after all of that syncs in and then after all of   that syncs in and then after all of those have happened, we call via a web those have happened, we call via a web   those have happened, we call via a web hook, we call our lead agent. hook, we call our lead agent.   hook, we call our lead agent. &gt;&gt; Got it. And then that's what does the &gt;&gt; Got it. And then that's what does the   &gt;&gt; Got it. And then that's what does the deep research and then that sends a deep research and then that sends a   deep research and then that sends a Slack message and your team can Slack message and your team can   Slack message and your team can basically click in and could you go back basically click in and could you go back   basically click in and could you go back to that report? Yeah. And then could you to that report? Yeah. And then could you   to that report? Yeah. And then could you zoom in here as well? Um, and then this zoom in here as well? Um, and then this   zoom in here as well? Um, and then this like I'm a like I'm a   like I'm a SDR or something. I'm reading through SDR or something. I'm reading through   SDR or something. I'm reading through this to determine whether they're this to determine whether they're   this to determine whether they're qualified or not. Is that right? qualified or not. Is that right?   qualified or not. Is that right? &gt;&gt; Exactly. And it got it. It's already &gt;&gt; Exactly. And it got it. It's already   &gt;&gt; Exactly. And it got it. It's already made a decision for you. So, we've we've made a decision for you. So, we've we've   made a decision for you. So, we've we've decided for you that this is not a decided for you that this is not a   decided for you that this is not a salesreated submission and here's the salesreated submission and here's the   salesreated submission and here's the reasoning why. reasoning why.   reasoning why. &gt;&gt; You can disagree with that and work this &gt;&gt; You can disagree with that and work this   &gt;&gt; You can disagree with that and work this lead anyway and there are ways to do lead anyway and there are ways to do   lead anyway and there are ways to do that in a system. Um, but we've actually that in a system. Um, but we've actually   that in a system. Um, but we've actually already for a qualified one, we would already for a qualified one, we would   already for a qualified one, we would have already written the response email, have already written the response email,   have already written the response email, pushed it to outreach, and it would be pushed it to outreach, and it would be   pushed it to outreach, and it would be sitting there waiting for you as the SDR sitting there waiting for you as the SDR   sitting there waiting for you as the SDR to press send. to press send.   to press send. &gt;&gt; Very awesome. So, so a few things I just &gt;&gt; Very awesome. So, so a few things I just   &gt;&gt; Very awesome. So, so a few things I just want to clarify. First of all, I'm sure want to clarify. First of all, I'm sure   want to clarify. First of all, I'm sure some people who are non-technical are some people who are non-technical are   some people who are non-technical are watching this, they look at the diagram watching this, they look at the diagram   watching this, they look at the diagram and they're like, where do I even start and they're like, where do I even start   and they're like, where do I even start putting building this or wrapping my putting building this or wrapping my   putting building this or wrapping my head around it? Don't worry, we are head around it? Don't worry, we are   head around it? Don't worry, we are going to cover that. So, I just want to going to cover that. So, I just want to   going to cover that. So, I just want to as a non-technical founder, I just want as a non-technical founder, I just want   as a non-technical founder, I just want you to know we have thought about you you to know we have thought about you   you to know we have thought about you and we're going to talk through this. and we're going to talk through this.   and we're going to talk through this. And for the technical person here, we're And for the technical person here, we're   And for the technical person here, we're also going to get into the weeds as also going to get into the weeds as   also going to get into the weeds as well. It's why you have Arman and well. It's why you have Arman and   well. It's why you have Arman and myself. So, just to kind of talk about myself. So, just to kind of talk about   myself. So, just to kind of talk about the before and after, the before was you the before and after, the before was you   the before and after, the before was you had 10 inbound STRs that basically leads had 10 inbound STRs that basically leads   had 10 inbound STRs that basically leads would just be coming in through this would just be coming in through this   would just be coming in through this through uh your lead form and it would through uh your lead form and it would   through uh your lead form and it would be varying degrees of quality. A lead be varying degrees of quality. A lead   be varying degrees of quality. A lead would come in and it would get routed to would come in and it would get routed to   would come in and it would get routed to one of the 10 SDRs. How was it getting one of the 10 SDRs. How was it getting   one of the 10 SDRs. How was it getting routed? What was like the decision routed? What was like the decision   routed? What was like the decision process before of who it was getting process before of who it was getting   process before of who it was getting routed to? routed to?   routed to? &gt;&gt; It was just trying to be as equitable as &gt;&gt; It was just trying to be as equitable as   &gt;&gt; It was just trying to be as equitable as possible. So spreading it across all of possible. So spreading it across all of   possible. So spreading it across all of these people in a but not accounting for these people in a but not accounting for   these people in a but not accounting for who might be out of office or like all who might be out of office or like all   who might be out of office or like all of these different problems, right? So of these different problems, right? So   of these different problems, right? So yeah, just so yeah, so there's no sense yeah, just so yeah, so there's no sense   yeah, just so yeah, so there's no sense of either who was the best SDR to route of either who was the best SDR to route   of either who was the best SDR to route to or who's an SDR that's actually to or who's an SDR that's actually   to or who's an SDR that's actually reachable right now. Again, you're reachable right now. Again, you're   reachable right now. Again, you're talking about a product that requires talking about a product that requires   talking about a product that requires like a lot of love and nurturing for the like a lot of love and nurturing for the   like a lot of love and nurturing for the customer to use. So it's not the best customer to use. So it's not the best   customer to use. So it's not the best customer experience. It's also hard for customer experience. It's also hard for   customer experience. It's also hard for at the 10 SDRs to decide who should they at the 10 SDRs to decide who should they   at the 10 SDRs to decide who should they focus their time on and they I assume focus their time on and they I assume   focus their time on and they I assume have to do a lot of work to actually have to do a lot of work to actually   have to do a lot of work to actually qualify this lead to decide whether it's qualify this lead to decide whether it's   qualify this lead to decide whether it's worth getting on a call with the lead as worth getting on a call with the lead as   worth getting on a call with the lead as well. well.   well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. this research report, &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. this research report,   &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. this research report, they would basically go do their manual they would basically go do their manual   they would basically go do their manual version of this, which would take them version of this, which would take them   version of this, which would take them anywhere from 15 to 20 minutes to look anywhere from 15 to 20 minutes to look   anywhere from 15 to 20 minutes to look up the founder on LinkedIn and look up up the founder on LinkedIn and look up   up the founder on LinkedIn and look up the business, see if they recently the business, see if they recently   the business, see if they recently raised and um and then if they have a raised and um and then if they have a   raised and um and then if they have a Versel account, like there's in our Versel account, like there's in our   Versel account, like there's in our Salesforce, they can go look up, you Salesforce, they can go look up, you   Salesforce, they can go look up, you know, the usage for that account. So, know, the usage for that account. So,   know, the usage for that account. So, like you're you're going into like six like you're you're going into like six   like you're you're going into like six different systems. Yep. You've got a different systems. Yep. You've got a   different systems. Yep. You've got a bunch of tabs open. Um, and then at the bunch of tabs open. Um, and then at the   bunch of tabs open. Um, and then at the end of the day after you do that end of the day after you do that   end of the day after you do that research, you have to go draft email and research, you have to go draft email and   research, you have to go draft email and you're you're starting from a a blank you're you're starting from a a blank   you're you're starting from a a blank slate. So, totally. Um, yeah. And slate. So, totally. Um, yeah. And   slate. So, totally. Um, yeah. And everybody knows editing is faster than everybody knows editing is faster than   everybody knows editing is faster than than writing for. than writing for.   than writing for. &gt;&gt; So, really clunky process. 10 inbound &gt;&gt; So, really clunky process. 10 inbound   &gt;&gt; So, really clunky process. 10 inbound SDRs. New processes. Lead comes in SDRs. New processes. Lead comes in   SDRs. New processes. Lead comes in through lead form. Clear bit is used to through lead form. Clear bit is used to   through lead form. Clear bit is used to enrich the data so that you know more enrich the data so that you know more   enrich the data so that you know more about the lead than just what they put about the lead than just what they put   about the lead than just what they put in the lead form. That enriched data in the lead form. That enriched data   in the lead form. That enriched data then gives the lead agent like hands off then gives the lead agent like hands off   then gives the lead agent like hands off to the lead agent the surface area they to the lead agent the surface area they   to the lead agent the surface area they need to then do research on the lead to need to then do research on the lead to   need to then do research on the lead to effectively qualify the lead and decide effectively qualify the lead and decide   effectively qualify the lead and decide how strong of a lead is it or is it not how strong of a lead is it or is it not   how strong of a lead is it or is it not based on that qualification. It will based on that qualification. It will   based on that qualification. It will write personalized emails for those that write personalized emails for those that   write personalized emails for those that it deems are kind of worth the time or it deems are kind of worth the time or   it deems are kind of worth the time or the effort to do outreach to and and the effort to do outreach to and and   the effort to do outreach to and and schedule a call with. And a human is schedule a call with. And a human is   schedule a call with. And a human is kept in the loop loop at the end of this kept in the loop loop at the end of this   kept in the loop loop at the end of this process to actually send the email or process to actually send the email or   process to actually send the email or engage a lead. But basically everything engage a lead. But basically everything   engage a lead. But basically everything before that has been done by the lead before that has been done by the lead   before that has been done by the lead agent. agent.   agent. &gt;&gt; Exactly. And over time with the feedback &gt;&gt; Exactly. And over time with the feedback   &gt;&gt; Exactly. And over time with the feedback we refined the prompt. So our you know we refined the prompt. So our you know   we refined the prompt. So our you know our error rate in the beginning was our error rate in the beginning was   our error rate in the beginning was higher but over time as we've higher but over time as we've   higher but over time as we've continually iterated on this with with continually iterated on this with with   continually iterated on this with with feedback from that SDR it's gotten feedback from that SDR it's gotten   feedback from that SDR it's gotten better and better. better and better.   better and better. &gt;&gt; Cool. So I'm curious where do you want &gt;&gt; Cool. So I'm curious where do you want   &gt;&gt; Cool. So I'm curious where do you want to go from here? We can either dive into to go from here? We can either dive into   to go from here? We can either dive into how you built the thing. I know how you built the thing. I know   how you built the thing. I know something else that you have a lot of something else that you have a lot of   something else that you have a lot of views on is like how do you even decide views on is like how do you even decide   views on is like how do you even decide what to spend your time on as it relates what to spend your time on as it relates   what to spend your time on as it relates to kind of like using AI to replace work to kind of like using AI to replace work   to kind of like using AI to replace work in a business? Yeah, in a business? Yeah,   in a business? Yeah, &gt;&gt; I think we want to cover both, but what &gt;&gt; I think we want to cover both, but what   &gt;&gt; I think we want to cover both, but what order do you think makes the most sense? order do you think makes the most sense?   order do you think makes the most sense? &gt;&gt; Uh maybe we dive into &gt;&gt; Uh maybe we dive into   &gt;&gt; Uh maybe we dive into this like what you should be working on this like what you should be working on   this like what you should be working on first. Um and then we can dig into the first. Um and then we can dig into the   first. Um and then we can dig into the how a little bit. how a little bit.   how a little bit. &gt;&gt; Awesome. After that. &gt;&gt; Awesome. After that.   &gt;&gt; Awesome. After that. &gt;&gt; Sounds good. Cool. Um, so yeah, I stole &gt;&gt; Sounds good. Cool. Um, so yeah, I stole   &gt;&gt; Sounds good. Cool. Um, so yeah, I stole this diagram here from a versell blog this diagram here from a versell blog   this diagram here from a versell blog post that I helped co-author. Um, really post that I helped co-author. Um, really   post that I helped co-author. Um, really AI right now, you want to find things AI right now, you want to find things   AI right now, you want to find things that are boring that you have to do a that are boring that you have to do a   that are boring that you have to do a ton. That's exactly like this task our ton. That's exactly like this task our   ton. That's exactly like this task our SDRs were doing. It's the same thing 100 SDRs were doing. It's the same thing 100   SDRs were doing. It's the same thing 100 times a day. Um, and then you you want times a day. Um, and then you you want   times a day. Um, and then you you want to find that task. And the the important to find that task. And the the important   to find that task. And the the important part is that it's happening a lot, part is that it's happening a lot,   part is that it's happening a lot, right? you you don't want to go automate right? you you don't want to go automate   right? you you don't want to go automate something that happens one or two times something that happens one or two times   something that happens one or two times a day. That's like even though it's easy a day. That's like even though it's easy   a day. That's like even though it's easy to write code now and all that good to write code now and all that good   to write code now and all that good stuff. It's just like that's still not stuff. It's just like that's still not   stuff. It's just like that's still not worth worth your worth uh worth the bang worth worth your worth uh worth the bang   worth worth your worth uh worth the bang for your buck. Um so that's kind of how for your buck. Um so that's kind of how   for your buck. Um so that's kind of how we think about what AI is good at right we think about what AI is good at right   we think about what AI is good at right now. The AI does now. The AI does   now. The AI does &gt;&gt; Can you just zoom in on that please? &gt;&gt; Can you just zoom in on that please?   &gt;&gt; Can you just zoom in on that please? &gt;&gt; Yeah. A &gt;&gt; Yeah. A   &gt;&gt; Yeah. A &gt;&gt; AI does still have limits. Um, but it's &gt;&gt; AI does still have limits. Um, but it's   &gt;&gt; AI does still have limits. Um, but it's getting impressively like we're on an getting impressively like we're on an   getting impressively like we're on an exponential curve and so even if 3 exponential curve and so even if 3   exponential curve and so even if 3 months ago you thought AI wasn't good months ago you thought AI wasn't good   months ago you thought AI wasn't good enough for your task, chances are it's enough for your task, chances are it's   enough for your task, chances are it's probably good enough now. Um, so just probably good enough now. Um, so just   probably good enough now. Um, so just like make sure you're always updating like make sure you're always updating   like make sure you're always updating your priors and playing with all the your priors and playing with all the   your priors and playing with all the newest uh things all the time. Um, in newest uh things all the time. Um, in   newest uh things all the time. Um, in GTM specifically, I think there's GTM specifically, I think there's   GTM specifically, I think there's basically two types of agents you can basically two types of agents you can   basically two types of agents you can build. Um, you can build one that's build. Um, you can build one that's   build. Um, you can build one that's focused on efficiency and that's kind of focused on efficiency and that's kind of   focused on efficiency and that's kind of what lead agent does, right? we took a what lead agent does, right? we took a   what lead agent does, right? we took a task that people were doing and improved task that people were doing and improved   task that people were doing and improved the efficiency of it and now you need the efficiency of it and now you need   the efficiency of it and now you need fewer humans in that role um and other fewer humans in that role um and other   fewer humans in that role um and other folks can go do more high leverage work folks can go do more high leverage work   folks can go do more high leverage work or you can build something that unlocks or you can build something that unlocks   or you can build something that unlocks more value which I call these like more value which I call these like   more value which I call these like should agents um it's all the stuff you should agents um it's all the stuff you   should agents um it's all the stuff you should be doing at your org that's not should be doing at your org that's not   should be doing at your org that's not getting done and uh so a good example getting done and uh so a good example   getting done and uh so a good example here we built a agent that does here we built a agent that does   here we built a agent that does postmortems on deals and sales people postmortems on deals and sales people   postmortems on deals and sales people are busy they just naturally won't go are busy they just naturally won't go   are busy they just naturally won't go sit down and dissect every single word sit down and dissect every single word   sit down and dissect every single word that was said and come up with a true that was said and come up with a true   that was said and come up with a true kind of objective close loss analysis. kind of objective close loss analysis.   kind of objective close loss analysis. Um, and even then, if they did want to Um, and even then, if they did want to   Um, and even then, if they did want to sit down and do it, they're great sit down and do it, they're great   sit down and do it, they're great sellers, right? They might they might sellers, right? They might they might   sellers, right? They might they might fool you uh as to the reason we lost. fool you uh as to the reason we lost.   fool you uh as to the reason we lost. So, it's it's a good task to have AI go So, it's it's a good task to have AI go   So, it's it's a good task to have AI go in there and and write those and extract in there and and write those and extract   in there and and write those and extract product insights and and feed that back product insights and and feed that back   product insights and and feed that back into the company. into the company.   into the company. Um, the efficiency agents are great Um, the efficiency agents are great   Um, the efficiency agents are great though because you basically take all though because you basically take all   though because you basically take all this tedious work no one wants to do this tedious work no one wants to do   this tedious work no one wants to do anyway. anyway.   anyway. And by making that person more And by making that person more   And by making that person more efficient, they they have a more efficient, they they have a more   efficient, they they have a more fulfilling day-to-day, but they have fulfilling day-to-day, but they have   fulfilling day-to-day, but they have more output. And if you have more output more output. And if you have more output   more output. And if you have more output in sales, you're literally getting paid in sales, you're literally getting paid   in sales, you're literally getting paid more. Um, so I think this is a very more. Um, so I think this is a very   more. Um, so I think this is a very virtuous like we're taking all the crap virtuous like we're taking all the crap   virtuous like we're taking all the crap you don't want to do and uh learning you don't want to do and uh learning   you don't want to do and uh learning from our best salespeople and taking from our best salespeople and taking   from our best salespeople and taking that and you just get to spend more that and you just get to spend more   that and you just get to spend more hours talking to customers, which is hours talking to customers, which is   hours talking to customers, which is really what most most the reason most really what most most the reason most   really what most most the reason most sales people enjoy sales. They want to sales people enjoy sales. They want to   sales people enjoy sales. They want to get paid and they want to talk to get paid and they want to talk to   get paid and they want to talk to customers. Um, they don't want to update customers. Um, they don't want to update   customers. Um, they don't want to update the CRM. They don't want to like go get the CRM. They don't want to like go get   the CRM. They don't want to like go get internal approval on some random thing, internal approval on some random thing,   internal approval on some random thing, right? Um, right? Um,   right? Um, &gt;&gt; and can you just quickly on the &gt;&gt; and can you just quickly on the   &gt;&gt; and can you just quickly on the efficiency agent, can you just uh zoom efficiency agent, can you just uh zoom   efficiency agent, can you just uh zoom into the diagram and just show everyone into the diagram and just show everyone   into the diagram and just show everyone kind of like what you're articulating kind of like what you're articulating   kind of like what you're articulating with the before and after here? with the before and after here?   with the before and after here? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So before here is this is kind of &gt;&gt; Yeah. So before here is this is kind of   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So before here is this is kind of your calendar, right? Um, and you can your calendar, right? Um, and you can   your calendar, right? Um, and you can you can say that this high um the the you can say that this high um the the   you can say that this high um the the bar that's solid here is like the bar that's solid here is like the   bar that's solid here is like the important work. This is what's like important work. This is what's like   important work. This is what's like closing business for for the business. closing business for for the business.   closing business for for the business. Um, and the tedious work is like all the Um, and the tedious work is like all the   Um, and the tedious work is like all the prep you have to do in order to do that prep you have to do in order to do that   prep you have to do in order to do that two-hour task. And so if we can just do two-hour task. And so if we can just do   two-hour task. And so if we can just do all of that for you, you can switch how all of that for you, you can switch how   all of that for you, you can switch how how your day looks. You can still work how your day looks. You can still work   how your day looks. You can still work those same hours that you were working those same hours that you were working   those same hours that you were working previously, but we've just slotted in previously, but we've just slotted in   previously, but we've just slotted in more of that same work, if that makes more of that same work, if that makes   more of that same work, if that makes sense. sense.   sense. &gt;&gt; Yep. Makes total sense. &gt;&gt; Yep. Makes total sense.   &gt;&gt; Yep. Makes total sense. &gt;&gt; Cool. Um, and yeah, the they should be &gt;&gt; Cool. Um, and yeah, the they should be   &gt;&gt; Cool. Um, and yeah, the they should be doing agents. Anytime you find somebody doing agents. Anytime you find somebody   doing agents. Anytime you find somebody say should in in GTM, you should think say should in in GTM, you should think   say should in in GTM, you should think about it extra hard these days. Um, about it extra hard these days. Um,   about it extra hard these days. Um, because it's a it's probably a great because it's a it's probably a great   because it's a it's probably a great spot to apply AI. Um, the there's a spot to apply AI. Um, the there's a   spot to apply AI. Um, the there's a couple different things we're doing couple different things we're doing   couple different things we're doing here. I already talked about the deals here. I already talked about the deals   here. I already talked about the deals lost one. Another one we're doing is um lost one. Another one we're doing is um   lost one. Another one we're doing is um extracting all of the objections that extracting all of the objections that   extracting all of the objections that happen on sales calls and if they were happen on sales calls and if they were   happen on sales calls and if they were answered well versus not well. And for answered well versus not well. And for   answered well versus not well. And for objections that aren't handled well, objections that aren't handled well,   objections that aren't handled well, sometimes that's a selling skill, but a sometimes that's a selling skill, but a   sometimes that's a selling skill, but a lot of times it's a product gap. And so lot of times it's a product gap. And so   lot of times it's a product gap. And so maybe the marketing team needs to know maybe the marketing team needs to know   maybe the marketing team needs to know about that. Maybe the product team needs about that. Maybe the product team needs   about that. Maybe the product team needs to know about that. And so we've built a to know about that. And so we've built a   to know about that. And so we've built a funnel that takes these objections that funnel that takes these objections that   funnel that takes these objections that are happening in the field and pipes are happening in the field and pipes   are happening in the field and pipes them to the correct engineering and them to the correct engineering and   them to the correct engineering and product teams um so that they can kind product teams um so that they can kind   product teams um so that they can kind of get those in their backlog easier. So of get those in their backlog easier. So   of get those in their backlog easier. So there's a lot of things you can build there's a lot of things you can build   there's a lot of things you can build here in this like should bucket um and here in this like should bucket um and   here in this like should bucket um and they don't all result in new pipeline. they don't all result in new pipeline.   they don't all result in new pipeline. There's the one I just mentioned was There's the one I just mentioned was   There's the one I just mentioned was product insight. Um but the uh on the product insight. Um but the uh on the   product insight. Um but the uh on the new pipeline side um we had a very long new pipeline side um we had a very long   new pipeline side um we had a very long lead list coming out of reinvent. uh lead list coming out of reinvent. uh   lead list coming out of reinvent. uh it's a great uh AWS is a great partner it's a great uh AWS is a great partner   it's a great uh AWS is a great partner of ourselves and that lists the SCR of ourselves and that lists the SCR   of ourselves and that lists the SCR team's normally pretty effective at team's normally pretty effective at   team's normally pretty effective at working you know the top third of the working you know the top third of the   working you know the top third of the list where there's great logos in there list where there's great logos in there   list where there's great logos in there that are obviously need to be followed that are obviously need to be followed   that are obviously need to be followed up with immediately but the up with immediately but the   up with immediately but the [clears throat] bottom two/3s like [clears throat] bottom two/3s like   [clears throat] bottom two/3s like sometimes there's a random Gmail account sometimes there's a random Gmail account   sometimes there's a random Gmail account in there that like maybe folks don't in there that like maybe folks don't   in there that like maybe folks don't want to work um and maybe the enrichment want to work um and maybe the enrichment   want to work um and maybe the enrichment didn't work so it didn't pull through didn't work so it didn't pull through   didn't work so it didn't pull through the fact that that person actually is the fact that that person actually is   the fact that that person actually is the CTO of 10X and you should reach out the CTO of 10X and you should reach out   the CTO of 10X and you should reach out to them. Um, so that list we've uh we've to them. Um, so that list we've uh we've   to them. Um, so that list we've uh we've started working the remainder of that started working the remainder of that   started working the remainder of that those lists and when you work the those lists and when you work the   those lists and when you work the remainder there's there's diamonds in remainder there's there's diamonds in   remainder there's there's diamonds in the rough that you missed. Um, so we've the rough that you missed. Um, so we've   the rough that you missed. Um, so we've we've booked several meetings just from we've booked several meetings just from   we've booked several meetings just from that. Um, and we're going to do that that. Um, and we're going to do that   that. Um, and we're going to do that going forward on on um all all of our going forward on on um all all of our   going forward on on um all all of our leads. So basically every list of leads. So basically every list of   leads. So basically every list of marketing qualified leads that Verscell marketing qualified leads that Verscell   marketing qualified leads that Verscell has into the future now will have a 100% has into the future now will have a 100%   has into the future now will have a 100% sales works percentage. Um which is just sales works percentage. Um which is just   sales works percentage. Um which is just like love it. like love it.   like love it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It's like unheard of. Um and &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It's like unheard of. Um and   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It's like unheard of. Um and how for for folks that are listening and how for for folks that are listening and   how for for folks that are listening and and uh founders or senior folks in and uh founders or senior folks in   and uh founders or senior folks in companies if they're trying to companies if they're trying to   companies if they're trying to understand whether like they're putting understand whether like they're putting   understand whether like they're putting together these kind of two frameworks. together these kind of two frameworks.   together these kind of two frameworks. You have one is the ven diagram of kind You have one is the ven diagram of kind   You have one is the ven diagram of kind of use cases for genai given where the of use cases for genai given where the   of use cases for genai given where the technology is and like wrote repetitive technology is and like wrote repetitive   technology is and like wrote repetitive work. The second is kind of efficiency work. The second is kind of efficiency   work. The second is kind of efficiency uh agents you can build and should uh agents you can build and should   uh agents you can build and should agents that you should build. If people agents that you should build. If people   agents that you should build. If people are thinking to themselves where should are thinking to themselves where should   are thinking to themselves where should I start? Yeah. I start? Yeah.   I start? Yeah. &gt;&gt; What are your rules of thumb for where &gt;&gt; What are your rules of thumb for where   &gt;&gt; What are your rules of thumb for where people should start? Like where should people should start? Like where should   people should start? Like where should they build their first agent? Yeah, I'm they build their first agent? Yeah, I'm   they build their first agent? Yeah, I'm a big fan of um just whatever the a big fan of um just whatever the   a big fan of um just whatever the biggest growth like sales and marketing biggest growth like sales and marketing   biggest growth like sales and marketing problem you have in your business, problem you have in your business,   problem you have in your business, that's a good spot to start because that's a good spot to start because   that's a good spot to start because you're going to be passionate about you're going to be passionate about   you're going to be passionate about fixing it. I think there's a temptation fixing it. I think there's a temptation   fixing it. I think there's a temptation to go pick a small project. Um and lead to go pick a small project. Um and lead   to go pick a small project. Um and lead agents started small, by the way. Uh it agents started small, by the way. Uh it   agents started small, by the way. Uh it was just an idea I had in a shower uh was just an idea I had in a shower uh   was just an idea I had in a shower uh that sat down and coded over a weekend that sat down and coded over a weekend   that sat down and coded over a weekend and um mostly took about a week to and um mostly took about a week to   and um mostly took about a week to finish all the dev work and five weeks finish all the dev work and five weeks   finish all the dev work and five weeks of convincing people it was actually of convincing people it was actually   of convincing people it was actually good. Um good. Um   good. Um and so these projects can start small and so these projects can start small   and so these projects can start small but they can grow into things that are but they can grow into things that are   but they can grow into things that are big. So yeah, just get started, focus on big. So yeah, just get started, focus on   big. So yeah, just get started, focus on a problem that actually matters to your a problem that actually matters to your   a problem that actually matters to your business. Um and and then go take people business. Um and and then go take people   business. Um and and then go take people who have context on your business who have context on your business   who have context on your business already too. Um, so I think one of the already too. Um, so I think one of the   already too. Um, so I think one of the reasons I'm good at this job is I've reasons I'm good at this job is I've   reasons I'm good at this job is I've been using Verscell's open source for 10 been using Verscell's open source for 10   been using Verscell's open source for 10 years almost. Um, and I've been at the years almost. Um, and I've been at the   years almost. Um, and I've been at the company for four and a half. And so like company for four and a half. And so like   company for four and a half. And so like I know the business pretty well. I know I know the business pretty well. I know   I know the business pretty well. I know the industry pretty well. And um, that's the industry pretty well. And um, that's   the industry pretty well. And um, that's actually how I refined the prompt was actually how I refined the prompt was   actually how I refined the prompt was just my own taste to start. And just my own taste to start. And   just my own taste to start. And thankfully you can pick a problem where thankfully you can pick a problem where   thankfully you can pick a problem where back testing is easy. So back testing is back testing is easy. So back testing is   back testing is easy. So back testing is this concept of you have a historical this concept of you have a historical   this concept of you have a historical data set, you come up with an algorithm data set, you come up with an algorithm   data set, you come up with an algorithm and you want to test it against the and you want to test it against the   and you want to test it against the prior data set uh that stolen from uh prior data set uh that stolen from uh   prior data set uh that stolen from uh finance and and uh trading. But um back finance and and uh trading. But um back   finance and and uh trading. But um back testing works really well for AI too. testing works really well for AI too.   testing works really well for AI too. Some people call these evals. Call it Some people call these evals. Call it   Some people call these evals. Call it whatever you want. Um, but this process whatever you want. Um, but this process   whatever you want. Um, but this process of go get the last 3 months of leads and of go get the last 3 months of leads and   of go get the last 3 months of leads and iterate on your prompt until you don't iterate on your prompt until you don't   iterate on your prompt until you don't miss a single free throw. Uh, and then miss a single free throw. Uh, and then   miss a single free throw. Uh, and then then when you're there, uh, you'll be in then when you're there, uh, you'll be in   then when you're there, uh, you'll be in a really good spot. Um, and then you can a really good spot. Um, and then you can   a really good spot. Um, and then you can actually go get some data. I think trust actually go get some data. I think trust   actually go get some data. I think trust trust your taste. Um, especially if you trust your taste. Um, especially if you   trust your taste. Um, especially if you know your industry. Um, and then yeah, know your industry. Um, and then yeah,   know your industry. Um, and then yeah, these things aren't that complicated to these things aren't that complicated to   these things aren't that complicated to build. It surprises. build. It surprises.   build. It surprises. &gt;&gt; Awesome. So, one I want just everyone to &gt;&gt; Awesome. So, one I want just everyone to   &gt;&gt; Awesome. So, one I want just everyone to acknowledge that like everyone assumes acknowledge that like everyone assumes   acknowledge that like everyone assumes that these like kind of net new AI that these like kind of net new AI   that these like kind of net new AI builds are massive things and Drew is builds are massive things and Drew is   builds are massive things and Drew is basically like he built it in a weekend, basically like he built it in a weekend,   basically like he built it in a weekend, took a week to build the full thing and took a week to build the full thing and   took a week to build the full thing and then 5 weeks to convince everyone else then 5 weeks to convince everyone else   then 5 weeks to convince everyone else that it was worth worth the time to that it was worth worth the time to   that it was worth worth the time to deploy. Can you just take us from deploy. Can you just take us from   deploy. Can you just take us from beginning to end, no detail spared of beginning to end, no detail spared of   beginning to end, no detail spared of exactly how you built this thing? exactly how you built this thing?   exactly how you built this thing? &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's do it. Um, &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's do it. Um,   &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's do it. Um, &gt;&gt; sweet. &gt;&gt; sweet.   &gt;&gt; sweet. &gt;&gt; Okay, so I made Sorry, real quick. if I &gt;&gt; Okay, so I made Sorry, real quick. if I   &gt;&gt; Okay, so I made Sorry, real quick. if I could just jump in as well. The uh it's could just jump in as well. The uh it's   could just jump in as well. The uh it's just funny to think about the just funny to think about the   just funny to think about the distribution of time between one week to distribution of time between one week to   distribution of time between one week to build and 5 weeks to convince people build and 5 weeks to convince people   build and 5 weeks to convince people that it's worth it. So the the real that it's worth it. So the the real   that it's worth it. So the the real blocker to saving $2 million if not more blocker to saving $2 million if not more   blocker to saving $2 million if not more was convincing people. So this is a note was convincing people. So this is a note   was convincing people. So this is a note to people who are currently trying to be to people who are currently trying to be   to people who are currently trying to be convinced to adopt AI in their business. convinced to adopt AI in their business.   convinced to adopt AI in their business. If you are the lagard, you are the only If you are the lagard, you are the only   If you are the lagard, you are the only thing between zero and $2 million. thing between zero and $2 million.   thing between zero and $2 million. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It it's interesting because a lot &gt;&gt; Yeah. It it's interesting because a lot   &gt;&gt; Yeah. It it's interesting because a lot of it it was fear of control for a long of it it was fear of control for a long   of it it was fear of control for a long time. People heard that hallucinations time. People heard that hallucinations   time. People heard that hallucinations were a big issue and like were a big issue and like   were a big issue and like &gt;&gt; I I think to to an extent maybe it was &gt;&gt; I I think to to an extent maybe it was   &gt;&gt; I I think to to an extent maybe it was um but a lot of that has gotten solved. um but a lot of that has gotten solved.   um but a lot of that has gotten solved. These models are much more reliable and These models are much more reliable and   These models are much more reliable and you can write code in such a way that you can write code in such a way that   you can write code in such a way that even if a hallucination happens it's even if a hallucination happens it's   even if a hallucination happens it's it's not detrimental to your business. it's not detrimental to your business.   it's not detrimental to your business. We still have a human in the loop We still have a human in the loop   We still have a human in the loop because because   because a principle we're using on like do we a principle we're using on like do we   a principle we're using on like do we keep humans in the loop or not? If keep humans in the loop or not? If   keep humans in the loop or not? If you're building an efficiency agent, you you're building an efficiency agent, you   you're building an efficiency agent, you keep humans in the loop. It is it is keep humans in the loop. It is it is   keep humans in the loop. It is it is built for human in the loop. Human in built for human in the loop. Human in   built for human in the loop. Human in the loop exists in this one. Should the loop exists in this one. Should   the loop exists in this one. Should agents should fire by default and people agents should fire by default and people   agents should fire by default and people should just get the benefit uh of this. should just get the benefit uh of this.   should just get the benefit uh of this. And so it's kind of um a big fan of the And so it's kind of um a big fan of the   And so it's kind of um a big fan of the like oneway two-way door uh thing. Like like oneway two-way door uh thing. Like   like oneway two-way door uh thing. Like efficiency agents, they they basically efficiency agents, they they basically   efficiency agents, they they basically are one-way doors, so you keep humans in are one-way doors, so you keep humans in   are one-way doors, so you keep humans in them. Um you're already paying humans to them. Um you're already paying humans to   them. Um you're already paying humans to do it, so that's pretty good revealed do it, so that's pretty good revealed   do it, so that's pretty good revealed preference that your business cares preference that your business cares   preference that your business cares about this task. This over here is stuff about this task. This over here is stuff   about this task. This over here is stuff that hasn't been deemed worth paying that hasn't been deemed worth paying   that hasn't been deemed worth paying someone minimum wage to do. [snorts] Um someone minimum wage to do. [snorts] Um   someone minimum wage to do. [snorts] Um or or like people haven't deemed it's or or like people haven't deemed it's   or or like people haven't deemed it's worth their time. So you you've got a worth their time. So you you've got a   worth their time. So you you've got a little more leeway in this bucket. little more leeway in this bucket.   little more leeway in this bucket. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Awesome. Okay. So, shall we uh &gt;&gt; Yeah. Awesome. Okay. So, shall we uh   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Awesome. Okay. So, shall we uh shall we dig in? shall we dig in?   shall we dig in? &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's do it. Um I made a quick uh &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's do it. Um I made a quick uh   &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's do it. Um I made a quick uh shout out claude code uh quick throwaway shout out claude code uh quick throwaway   shout out claude code uh quick throwaway UI to to kind of demo how I um started UI to to kind of demo how I um started   UI to to kind of demo how I um started this project. So I that is that is this project. So I that is that is   this project. So I that is that is actually how I started except I think I actually how I started except I think I   actually how I started except I think I was using cursor agent at that time. Um, was using cursor agent at that time. Um,   was using cursor agent at that time. Um, but I I basically got uh credentials to but I I basically got uh credentials to   but I I basically got uh credentials to our Salesforce instance that let me pull our Salesforce instance that let me pull   our Salesforce instance that let me pull a report of the contact sales which so a report of the contact sales which so   a report of the contact sales which so all contacts that had filled out our all contacts that had filled out our   all contacts that had filled out our contact form for I think I did a 3-month contact form for I think I did a 3-month   contact form for I think I did a 3-month period and I loaded all of that into a period and I loaded all of that into a   period and I loaded all of that into a project and then on the right monitor I project and then on the right monitor I   project and then on the right monitor I had my prompt and um so basically I just had my prompt and um so basically I just   had my prompt and um so basically I just iterated on the prompt and create uh ran iterated on the prompt and create uh ran   iterated on the prompt and create uh ran ran batches of them over and over again ran batches of them over and over again   ran batches of them over and over again until my agent agreed with what happened until my agent agreed with what happened   until my agent agreed with what happened in the field. So because you have the in the field. So because you have the   in the field. So because you have the historical data, you can just sit here historical data, you can just sit here   historical data, you can just sit here and look and see uh you know this Yahoo and look and see uh you know this Yahoo   and look and see uh you know this Yahoo email was not qualified. I wonder what email was not qualified. I wonder what   email was not qualified. I wonder what AI has to say about it. And so after you AI has to say about it. And so after you   AI has to say about it. And so after you do this a lot, you'll have a really good do this a lot, you'll have a really good   do this a lot, you'll have a really good base prompt. And that base prompt once base prompt. And that base prompt once   base prompt. And that base prompt once you feel really good about it you feel really good about it   you feel really good about it personally, that's when you want to get personally, that's when you want to get   personally, that's when you want to get it in production. Now, you don't have to it in production. Now, you don't have to   it in production. Now, you don't have to start using it in production right away. start using it in production right away.   start using it in production right away. You can have it in kind of this like You can have it in kind of this like   You can have it in kind of this like passive mode where it's not actually passive mode where it's not actually   passive mode where it's not actually taking any action, but it's running in taking any action, but it's running in   taking any action, but it's running in prod. So, it's getting prod data live prod. So, it's getting prod data live   prod. So, it's getting prod data live and you can keep an eye on it and all and you can keep an eye on it and all   and you can keep an eye on it and all that good stuff. Um, this is taking that good stuff. Um, this is taking   that good stuff. Um, this is taking longer than it should have, so I'm longer than it should have, so I'm   longer than it should have, so I'm wondering if I Yep. Cool. Um, I'll wondering if I Yep. Cool. Um, I'll   wondering if I Yep. Cool. Um, I'll figure that bug out later, but figure that bug out later, but   figure that bug out later, but &gt;&gt; So, can you just can you just zoom in on &gt;&gt; So, can you just can you just zoom in on   &gt;&gt; So, can you just can you just zoom in on that? So basically what's um so what that? So basically what's um so what   that? So basically what's um so what what we're seeing here is you have the what we're seeing here is you have the   what we're seeing here is you have the email of a hypothetical lead. You have email of a hypothetical lead. You have   email of a hypothetical lead. You have the company then you had like the seller the company then you had like the seller   the company then you had like the seller qualified the lead your lead agent when qualified the lead your lead agent when   qualified the lead your lead agent when it went through its whole process did it it went through its whole process did it   it went through its whole process did it also qualify the lead if it agreed that also qualify the lead if it agreed that   also qualify the lead if it agreed that basically is like thumbs up human and AI basically is like thumbs up human and AI   basically is like thumbs up human and AI agreed. If there's a disagreement that's agreed. If there's a disagreement that's   agreed. If there's a disagreement that's like something for you to double click like something for you to double click   like something for you to double click into to understand like was the human into to understand like was the human   into to understand like was the human wrong or was the AI wrong. If the AI was wrong or was the AI wrong. If the AI was   wrong or was the AI wrong. If the AI was wrong, how do we refine the prompt to wrong, how do we refine the prompt to   wrong, how do we refine the prompt to get to agreement with the human? get to agreement with the human?   get to agreement with the human? &gt;&gt; Exactly. And and this one's interesting. &gt;&gt; Exactly. And and this one's interesting.   &gt;&gt; Exactly. And and this one's interesting. Um, a feature comparison from Tik Tok. Um, a feature comparison from Tik Tok.   Um, a feature comparison from Tik Tok. Yeah, the human might have been wrong Yeah, the human might have been wrong   Yeah, the human might have been wrong here. We should probably have talked to here. We should probably have talked to   here. We should probably have talked to Tik Tok. These aren't real leads to be Tik Tok. These aren't real leads to be   Tik Tok. These aren't real leads to be clear. Uh, if anybody at Tik Tok wants clear. Uh, if anybody at Tik Tok wants   clear. Uh, if anybody at Tik Tok wants to wants to chat, uh, forell.com sales. to wants to chat, uh, forell.com sales.   to wants to chat, uh, forell.com sales. Um but uh so and then outputting the Um but uh so and then outputting the   Um but uh so and then outputting the reasons is important too. That's reasons is important too. That's   reasons is important too. That's something we found is if you make it it something we found is if you make it it   something we found is if you make it it visually in the UI here we have the visually in the UI here we have the   visually in the UI here we have the reasons at the end but in the actual reasons at the end but in the actual   reasons at the end but in the actual structure of the generate object call structure of the generate object call   structure of the generate object call getting a little into the weeds here but getting a little into the weeds here but   getting a little into the weeds here but these these LLMs what they do is they these these LLMs what they do is they   these these LLMs what they do is they predict the predict the next token. So predict the predict the next token. So   predict the predict the next token. So if you make it tell it its reasons first if you make it tell it its reasons first   if you make it tell it its reasons first and then give you the final answer at and then give you the final answer at   and then give you the final answer at the end it's actually smarter. Um, it's the end it's actually smarter. Um, it's   the end it's actually smarter. Um, it's just the way math works. It's wild. Uh, just the way math works. It's wild. Uh,   just the way math works. It's wild. Uh, but but so yeah, we actually put these but but so yeah, we actually put these   but but so yeah, we actually put these at the top. Reasons are kind of giving at the top. Reasons are kind of giving   at the top. Reasons are kind of giving the agent space to think. Um, yeah. So, the agent space to think. Um, yeah. So,   the agent space to think. Um, yeah. So, I just basically you'll do this hundreds I just basically you'll do this hundreds   I just basically you'll do this hundreds of times. You will tweak your prompt of times. You will tweak your prompt   of times. You will tweak your prompt until you no longer find any that um it until you no longer find any that um it   until you no longer find any that um it disagrees with. Or if it does disagree disagrees with. Or if it does disagree   disagrees with. Or if it does disagree with what the human said, you actually with what the human said, you actually   with what the human said, you actually you disagree with the human. Um and and you disagree with the human. Um and and   you disagree with the human. Um and and then from there, yeah, get it in prod. then from there, yeah, get it in prod.   then from there, yeah, get it in prod. And by it in prod, I mean run it in And by it in prod, I mean run it in   And by it in prod, I mean run it in parallel to your current process. And uh parallel to your current process. And uh   parallel to your current process. And uh and in kind of like in a readonly type and in kind of like in a readonly type   and in kind of like in a readonly type mode. Don't don't actually send the mode. Don't don't actually send the   mode. Don't don't actually send the content it's generating yet. And then content it's generating yet. And then   content it's generating yet. And then you'll be able to see if your back you'll be able to see if your back   you'll be able to see if your back testing was representative testing was representative   testing was representative in that kind of like that. That's what I in that kind of like that. That's what I   in that kind of like that. That's what I did in that uh 5we period. That was like did in that uh 5we period. That was like   did in that uh 5we period. That was like getting buy in and then taking those getting buy in and then taking those   getting buy in and then taking those metrics to the same leadership meeting metrics to the same leadership meeting   metrics to the same leadership meeting every week saying, "Look, it this went every week saying, "Look, it this went   every week saying, "Look, it this went well." well."   well." &gt;&gt; Totally. So, Alex, I know you're gonna &gt;&gt; Totally. So, Alex, I know you're gonna   &gt;&gt; Totally. So, Alex, I know you're gonna want to move us along after this and and want to move us along after this and and   want to move us along after this and and but I just want to point out something but I just want to point out something   but I just want to point out something that Drew said that is like my brain is that Drew said that is like my brain is   that Drew said that is like my brain is going ding ding ding ding ding about it, going ding ding ding ding ding about it,   going ding ding ding ding ding about it, which and but you kind of skipped over which and but you kind of skipped over   which and but you kind of skipped over it, which is that the way you structured it, which is that the way you structured   it, which is that the way you structured the page was basically to allow the AI the page was basically to allow the AI   the page was basically to allow the AI to think out loud. Basically creating a to think out loud. Basically creating a   to think out loud. Basically creating a reasoning model out of an instant model. reasoning model out of an instant model.   reasoning model out of an instant model. Um, that is so interesting. It's Um, that is so interesting. It's   Um, that is so interesting. It's basically like if you're asking AI to basically like if you're asking AI to   basically like if you're asking AI to create a report, don't have it put a create a report, don't have it put a   create a report, don't have it put a TLDDR. Have it put the TLDDR at the TLDDR. Have it put the TLDDR at the   TLDDR. Have it put the TLDDR at the bottom. Have it put the decision at the bottom. Have it put the decision at the   bottom. Have it put the decision at the bottom and that will drive uh accuracy. bottom and that will drive uh accuracy.   bottom and that will drive uh accuracy. That is like when you say it out loud, That is like when you say it out loud,   That is like when you say it out loud, of course that's the case. of course that's the case.   of course that's the case. &gt;&gt; But it's like that's probably never done &gt;&gt; But it's like that's probably never done   &gt;&gt; But it's like that's probably never done because traditionally when you design a because traditionally when you design a   because traditionally when you design a UI, you want the big you want the top to UI, you want the big you want the top to   UI, you want the big you want the top to have the answer. And so that's just like have the answer. And so that's just like   have the answer. And so that's just like a quick like throwaway lesson that I a quick like throwaway lesson that I   a quick like throwaway lesson that I feel like you just skipped over that I feel like you just skipped over that I   feel like you just skipped over that I think is actually really cool. Like when think is actually really cool. Like when   think is actually really cool. Like when asking AI to write a report, ask it to asking AI to write a report, ask it to   asking AI to write a report, ask it to put the decision as the very last thing put the decision as the very last thing   put the decision as the very last thing and it'll perform much much better. and it'll perform much much better.   and it'll perform much much better. &gt;&gt; That's so cool. Thinking fast and slow &gt;&gt; That's so cool. Thinking fast and slow   &gt;&gt; That's so cool. Thinking fast and slow applies to LLMs too. You have to like applies to LLMs too. You have to like   applies to LLMs too. You have to like avoid the snap judgment system one avoid the snap judgment system one   avoid the snap judgment system one brain. You got to get into system two brain. You got to get into system two   brain. You got to get into system two brain and and uh that's that's the best brain and and uh that's that's the best   brain and and uh that's that's the best way to do it. way to do it.   way to do it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah.   &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. So just so I understand basically &gt;&gt; Okay. So just so I understand basically   &gt;&gt; Okay. So just so I understand basically what you shared is like the lead agent what you shared is like the lead agent   what you shared is like the lead agent you before going into production you you before going into production you   you before going into production you basically had back tested it on leads basically had back tested it on leads   basically had back tested it on leads from the last 3 months. You tweaked the from the last 3 months. You tweaked the   from the last 3 months. You tweaked the prompt and then once you felt prompt and then once you felt   prompt and then once you felt comfortable with it you could push it comfortable with it you could push it   comfortable with it you could push it into production. You could also into production. You could also   into production. You could also basically have it running in production basically have it running in production   basically have it running in production but it's not still actively being used but it's not still actively being used   but it's not still actively being used but like you're able to then compare but like you're able to then compare   but like you're able to then compare live leads uh with the AI to see if it live leads uh with the AI to see if it   live leads uh with the AI to see if it would be making the right choices in would be making the right choices in   would be making the right choices in real time. Y like you're you're dangling real time. Y like you're you're dangling   real time. Y like you're you're dangling the carrot right now and I want the the carrot right now and I want the   the carrot right now and I want the carrot. I want to actually eat the carrot. I want to actually eat the   carrot. I want to actually eat the carrot, which is like how did you build carrot, which is like how did you build   carrot, which is like how did you build the thing? Like like what's the tech the thing? Like like what's the tech   the thing? Like like what's the tech stack? Like I know you you uh basically stack? Like I know you you uh basically   stack? Like I know you you uh basically a big part of this was like you sat with a big part of this was like you sat with   a big part of this was like you sat with your best SDR to map out their process your best SDR to map out their process   your best SDR to map out their process like get get into that. like get get into that.   like get get into that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um so let's see. Did I put that &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um so let's see. Did I put that   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um so let's see. Did I put that over here? Yeah. So here's how all of over here? Yeah. So here's how all of   over here? Yeah. So here's how all of this works. Technically, I can leave this works. Technically, I can leave   this works. Technically, I can leave this while we're this while we're   this while we're &gt;&gt; and I know that I'm already going to get &gt;&gt; and I know that I'm already going to get   &gt;&gt; and I know that I'm already going to get uh Yeah, I know people are going to uh Yeah, I know people are going to   uh Yeah, I know people are going to already uh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on me for uh the zooming already uh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on me for uh the zooming   already uh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on me for uh the zooming in zoo. Honestly, by the end of this, I in zoo. Honestly, by the end of this, I   in zoo. Honestly, by the end of this, I want you to zoom in so much. People are want you to zoom in so much. People are   want you to zoom in so much. People are saying zoom out. saying zoom out.   saying zoom out. &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's let's just &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's let's just   &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's let's just little more zoom. Um yeah, so shadowing little more zoom. Um yeah, so shadowing   little more zoom. Um yeah, so shadowing people is a really big part of what we people is a really big part of what we   people is a really big part of what we do in in GTMG. I think it is really do in in GTMG. I think it is really   do in in GTMG. I think it is really important to look at what is already important to look at what is already   important to look at what is already happening. A lot of people have ideas happening. A lot of people have ideas   happening. A lot of people have ideas for what to do with AI, but revealed for what to do with AI, but revealed   for what to do with AI, but revealed preference will show you what's actually preference will show you what's actually   preference will show you what's actually already working. So, uh, stated versus already working. So, uh, stated versus   already working. So, uh, stated versus revealed preference and other economics revealed preference and other economics   revealed preference and other economics principle. Stated preference is people principle. Stated preference is people   principle. Stated preference is people say they want walkable cities and all say they want walkable cities and all   say they want walkable cities and all these other things and trains and all these other things and trains and all   these other things and trains and all this good stuff. And most of America this good stuff. And most of America   this good stuff. And most of America lives in the BBS and drives an SUV. So, lives in the BBS and drives an SUV. So,   lives in the BBS and drives an SUV. So, revealed preference is America likes revealed preference is America likes   revealed preference is America likes SUVs. Um, and I'm in the BBS and drive SUVs. Um, and I'm in the BBS and drive   SUVs. Um, and I'm in the BBS and drive an SUV, by the way. So, maybe I'm the an SUV, by the way. So, maybe I'm the   an SUV, by the way. So, maybe I'm the problem. But, um, this this revealed problem. But, um, this this revealed   problem. But, um, this this revealed preference thing is so useful in preference thing is so useful in   preference thing is so useful in deciding what to actually build. You deciding what to actually build. You   deciding what to actually build. You want to go find revealed preference from want to go find revealed preference from   want to go find revealed preference from your people who are killing it. Your your people who are killing it. Your   your people who are killing it. Your your A+ folks are doing things in sales. your A+ folks are doing things in sales.   your A+ folks are doing things in sales. They're always doing things that make They're always doing things that make   They're always doing things that make them different uh than than everybody them different uh than than everybody   them different uh than than everybody else, right? So there's some trick that else, right? So there's some trick that   else, right? So there's some trick that they have that they've probably even they have that they've probably even   they have that they've probably even tried to share with the rest of their tried to share with the rest of their   tried to share with the rest of their team to do, but the rest of their team team to do, but the rest of their team   team to do, but the rest of their team is just like stuck in their ways. So is just like stuck in their ways. So   is just like stuck in their ways. So this person wants to apply these best this person wants to apply these best   this person wants to apply these best practices to the whole business. They're practices to the whole business. They're   practices to the whole business. They're thrilled when you come and shadow them. thrilled when you come and shadow them.   thrilled when you come and shadow them. So find your best folks, shadow them, So find your best folks, shadow them,   So find your best folks, shadow them, like actually do the job with them, too. like actually do the job with them, too.   like actually do the job with them, too. I'm a big fan of Door Dash's. Like I'm a big fan of Door Dash's. Like   I'm a big fan of Door Dash's. Like everybody, including engineers, delivers everybody, including engineers, delivers   everybody, including engineers, delivers uh at least one meal a month. I think uh at least one meal a month. I think   uh at least one meal a month. I think that's great. I'm sure they've found that's great. I'm sure they've found   that's great. I'm sure they've found countless bugs that way. We do the same countless bugs that way. We do the same   countless bugs that way. We do the same thing with our software. So, um, you thing with our software. So, um, you   thing with our software. So, um, you know, as part of onboarding, uh, there's know, as part of onboarding, uh, there's   know, as part of onboarding, uh, there's a sales boot camp that our sales folks a sales boot camp that our sales folks   a sales boot camp that our sales folks at Verscell go to. Uh, the GTM engineers at Verscell go to. Uh, the GTM engineers   at Verscell go to. Uh, the GTM engineers go to it, too. go to it, too.   go to it, too. &gt;&gt; Um, so they're going to go pitch forcell &gt;&gt; Um, so they're going to go pitch forcell   &gt;&gt; Um, so they're going to go pitch forcell and and learn, uh, the product that way, and and learn, uh, the product that way,   and and learn, uh, the product that way, too. too.   too. &gt;&gt; Um, okay. &gt;&gt; Um, okay.   &gt;&gt; Um, okay. &gt;&gt; So, so, so what? Yeah. What did you &gt;&gt; So, so, so what? Yeah. What did you   &gt;&gt; So, so, so what? Yeah. What did you Okay, so there's 10 SDRs. you went to Okay, so there's 10 SDRs. you went to   Okay, so there's 10 SDRs. you went to the best SDR and you're like, "Let me the best SDR and you're like, "Let me   the best SDR and you're like, "Let me just know exactly how you work. I want just know exactly how you work. I want   just know exactly how you work. I want to know every step of your process that to know every step of your process that   to know every step of your process that you go through in this inbound uh lead you go through in this inbound uh lead   you go through in this inbound uh lead qualification process." What did you qualification process." What did you   qualification process." What did you find in that discovery process? find in that discovery process?   find in that discovery process? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I didn't actually even know I &gt;&gt; Yeah, I didn't actually even know I   &gt;&gt; Yeah, I didn't actually even know I needed to go to LinkedIn uh to like needed to go to LinkedIn uh to like   needed to go to LinkedIn uh to like enrich these leads until I shadowed some enrich these leads until I shadowed some   enrich these leads until I shadowed some folks. Like they were like, "Oh, go to folks. Like they were like, "Oh, go to   folks. Like they were like, "Oh, go to LinkedIn. Here's how I deal with LinkedIn. Here's how I deal with   LinkedIn. Here's how I deal with duplicates. here's so that helps me duplicates. here's so that helps me   duplicates. here's so that helps me steer both the code and the prompts. So steer both the code and the prompts. So   steer both the code and the prompts. So basically after doing a lot of this basically after doing a lot of this   basically after doing a lot of this shadowing and then your own taste as shadowing and then your own taste as   shadowing and then your own taste as well, you kind of combine those things. well, you kind of combine those things.   well, you kind of combine those things. Um but it's really just user research Um but it's really just user research   Um but it's really just user research the same way engineering and product the same way engineering and product   the same way engineering and product have have been doing UX research. Um you have have been doing UX research. Um you   have have been doing UX research. Um you go shadow people, you ask them questions go shadow people, you ask them questions   go shadow people, you ask them questions about the UI. It's just now in this AI about the UI. It's just now in this AI   about the UI. It's just now in this AI world, I think you should have that all world, I think you should have that all   world, I think you should have that all compacted into one person. like one compacted into one person. like one   compacted into one person. like one person should deeply know your business person should deeply know your business   person should deeply know your business and write the code and write the PRD um and write the code and write the PRD um   and write the code and write the PRD um especially in a internal tool focused especially in a internal tool focused   especially in a internal tool focused role like this. role like this.   role like this. Got it. So okay so you learned from the Got it. So okay so you learned from the   Got it. So okay so you learned from the SDR then what was the next step in the SDR then what was the next step in the   SDR then what was the next step in the process like did you like did you do process like did you like did you do   process like did you like did you do what I'm looking at on this contact what I'm looking at on this contact   what I'm looking at on this contact sales pipeline right now which is you sales pipeline right now which is you   sales pipeline right now which is you drew you drew out each step that the drew you drew out each step that the   drew you drew out each step that the lead agent isn't going to have to go lead agent isn't going to have to go   lead agent isn't going to have to go through if you want to replace the through if you want to replace the   through if you want to replace the human. What was the next step in this human. What was the next step in this   human. What was the next step in this process? process?   process? &gt;&gt; Yeah, so step one uh shadow. Step two, &gt;&gt; Yeah, so step one uh shadow. Step two,   &gt;&gt; Yeah, so step one uh shadow. Step two, build this throwaway UI where you can build this throwaway UI where you can   build this throwaway UI where you can iterate on your prompt. Step three, get iterate on your prompt. Step three, get   iterate on your prompt. Step three, get it connected to production. So that it connected to production. So that   it connected to production. So that probably looks for a lot of people like probably looks for a lot of people like   probably looks for a lot of people like maybe your contact sales is handled with maybe your contact sales is handled with   maybe your contact sales is handled with Zapier or Trey or Clay or you know Zapier or Trey or Clay or you know   Zapier or Trey or Clay or you know insert insert one of these like NADN insert insert one of these like NADN   insert insert one of these like NADN type things. A lot of people in in the type things. A lot of people in in the   type things. A lot of people in in the RevOps land have used tooling like that RevOps land have used tooling like that   RevOps land have used tooling like that to handle contact sales routing and to handle contact sales routing and   to handle contact sales routing and things like that. So, um go find a way things like that. So, um go find a way   things like that. So, um go find a way to plug into that system, start to plug into that system, start   to plug into that system, start ingesting real production data and then ingesting real production data and then   ingesting real production data and then you will then want to start reporting you will then want to start reporting   you will then want to start reporting that data. You basically need to go that data. You basically need to go   that data. You basically need to go build a dashboard and you want to build a dashboard and you want to   build a dashboard and you want to compare compare   compare the because you were looking previously the because you were looking previously   the because you were looking previously at historical data. Now you want to look at historical data. Now you want to look   at historical data. Now you want to look at live data and you just obsess over at live data and you just obsess over   at live data and you just obsess over that thing. And I think sitting there that thing. And I think sitting there   that thing. And I think sitting there and obsessing over the prompt is is the and obsessing over the prompt is is the   and obsessing over the prompt is is the way to get this good. way to get this good.   way to get this good. &gt;&gt; But but just just so just to clarify, we &gt;&gt; But but just just so just to clarify, we   &gt;&gt; But but just just so just to clarify, we haven't like what about the actual build haven't like what about the actual build   haven't like what about the actual build of the agent? of the agent?   of the agent? &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, that that part is quick. I mean &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, that that part is quick. I mean   &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, that that part is quick. I mean honestly the throwaway UI the agent I honestly the throwaway UI the agent I   honestly the throwaway UI the agent I just made an API for the throwaway UI just made an API for the throwaway UI   just made an API for the throwaway UI after I agreed with it. Like uh that after I agreed with it. Like uh that   after I agreed with it. Like uh that part was five minutes of work. Um part was five minutes of work. Um   part was five minutes of work. Um &gt;&gt; what does that mean? Well, like can we &gt;&gt; what does that mean? Well, like can we   &gt;&gt; what does that mean? Well, like can we Yeah, let's hop into some Can we just Yeah, let's hop into some Can we just   Yeah, let's hop into some Can we just Yeah. Can we just let it rip? Yeah. Can we just let it rip?   Yeah. Can we just let it rip? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, um this we'll zoom in again. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, um this we'll zoom in again.   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, um this we'll zoom in again. Uh this is this is the workflow. This is Uh this is this is the workflow. This is   Uh this is this is the workflow. This is the thing we open sourced. Um but if you the thing we open sourced. Um but if you   the thing we open sourced. Um but if you go look at the tech stack here, it's an go look at the tech stack here, it's an   go look at the tech stack here, it's an X.js app. So that means um you can do X.js app. So that means um you can do   X.js app. So that means um you can do both front end backend things in it. So both front end backend things in it. So   both front end backend things in it. So the the web side of it was a front-end the the web side of it was a front-end   the the web side of it was a front-end app, but I also just can throw an API app, but I also just can throw an API   app, but I also just can throw an API route in an X.js app and then I have a route in an X.js app and then I have a   route in an X.js app and then I have a backend server that can uh be called backend server that can uh be called   backend server that can uh be called from somewhere else. So we use next we from somewhere else. So we use next we   from somewhere else. So we use next we use workflow devkit which is um I I use workflow devkit which is um I I   use workflow devkit which is um I I think the easiest way to say it is think the easiest way to say it is   think the easiest way to say it is serverless has some limitations. serverless has some limitations.   serverless has some limitations. Workflow devkit helps you get around Workflow devkit helps you get around   Workflow devkit helps you get around those on Versell pretty easily. Um, and those on Versell pretty easily. Um, and   those on Versell pretty easily. Um, and then the AI SDK and gateway are doing a then the AI SDK and gateway are doing a   then the AI SDK and gateway are doing a lot of the heavy lifting here. So AI SDK lot of the heavy lifting here. So AI SDK   lot of the heavy lifting here. So AI SDK is an abstraction that makes it easy to is an abstraction that makes it easy to   is an abstraction that makes it easy to switch between different uh AI switch between different uh AI   switch between different uh AI providers. And so it's the easiest way providers. And so it's the easiest way   providers. And so it's the easiest way to get up and running uh with with a new to get up and running uh with with a new   to get up and running uh with with a new AI application slash agent. And then the AI application slash agent. And then the   AI application slash agent. And then the gateway makes it so I don't have to go gateway makes it so I don't have to go   gateway makes it so I don't have to go set up, you know, we use probably 10 to set up, you know, we use probably 10 to   set up, you know, we use probably 10 to 12 models across all of these different 12 models across all of these different   12 models across all of these different things. We don't want to go get things. We don't want to go get   things. We don't want to go get contracts with all of those folks. And contracts with all of those folks. And   contracts with all of those folks. And so AI gateway one unified way to get all so AI gateway one unified way to get all   so AI gateway one unified way to get all the popular models. Um, and it also has the popular models. Um, and it also has   the popular models. Um, and it also has fallback logic in it too. So the I think fallback logic in it too. So the I think   fallback logic in it too. So the I think the other reason people weren't adopting the other reason people weren't adopting   the other reason people weren't adopting AI uh was was this like anthropic would AI uh was was this like anthropic would   AI uh was was this like anthropic would go down for a couple hours and it's like go down for a couple hours and it's like   go down for a couple hours and it's like if your business relies on anthropic if your business relies on anthropic   if your business relies on anthropic good luck. Um so what we can do with the good luck. Um so what we can do with the   good luck. Um so what we can do with the AI gateway is load balance between all AI gateway is load balance between all   AI gateway is load balance between all of the different providers of those of the different providers of those   of the different providers of those models and even fall back from say all models and even fall back from say all   models and even fall back from say all the providers of uh claude opus for five the providers of uh claude opus for five   the providers of uh claude opus for five or down including AWS GCP whatever um or down including AWS GCP whatever um   or down including AWS GCP whatever um you can even fall back to a similar you can even fall back to a similar   you can even fall back to a similar model. So you could fall back to GBD 5.2 model. So you could fall back to GBD 5.2   model. So you could fall back to GBD 5.2 too. Um, too. Um,   too. Um, and that all the Slack bolt connector, and that all the Slack bolt connector,   and that all the Slack bolt connector, we have a library for that that uh is we have a library for that that uh is   we have a library for that that uh is how we actually send the messages in how we actually send the messages in   how we actually send the messages in Slack easily. And EXA is is the other Slack easily. And EXA is is the other   Slack easily. And EXA is is the other third party that we plugged in here. Um, third party that we plugged in here. Um,   third party that we plugged in here. Um, Exa is like Google search on steroids Exa is like Google search on steroids   Exa is like Google search on steroids built for AI. built for AI.   built for AI. &gt;&gt; Mhm. Got it. Okay. So, basically like &gt;&gt; Mhm. Got it. Okay. So, basically like   &gt;&gt; Mhm. Got it. Okay. So, basically like the tech decisions that you made, you the tech decisions that you made, you   the tech decisions that you made, you guys are Versel. Of course, you're going guys are Versel. Of course, you're going   guys are Versel. Of course, you're going to use Nex.js. Uh but also we all use to use Nex.js. Uh but also we all use   to use Nex.js. Uh but also we all use X.js. Um then you AI SDK is basically X.js. Um then you AI SDK is basically   X.js. Um then you AI SDK is basically somebody asked it's like open router. somebody asked it's like open router.   somebody asked it's like open router. Yes, like that's that's how you're doing Yes, like that's that's how you're doing   Yes, like that's that's how you're doing the model switching. Um the rest of the model switching. Um the rest of   the model switching. Um the rest of these these all make sense. these these all make sense.   these these all make sense. &gt;&gt; I know this was not part of the plan and &gt;&gt; I know this was not part of the plan and   &gt;&gt; I know this was not part of the plan and Alex might uh slap my wrist afterwards, Alex might uh slap my wrist afterwards,   Alex might uh slap my wrist afterwards, but but   but &gt;&gt; can we open up a code editor? Like could &gt;&gt; can we open up a code editor? Like could   &gt;&gt; can we open up a code editor? Like could we just do this? we just do this?   we just do this? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I know. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I know.   &gt;&gt; Yeah, I know. &gt;&gt; Can we just the whole thing from &gt;&gt; Can we just the whole thing from   &gt;&gt; Can we just the whole thing from scratch? scratch?   scratch? &gt;&gt; Build from scratch. Wow. Uh &gt;&gt; Build from scratch. Wow. Uh   &gt;&gt; Build from scratch. Wow. Uh &gt;&gt; yeah, please let it rip. We could open &gt;&gt; yeah, please let it rip. We could open   &gt;&gt; yeah, please let it rip. We could open up. It's 2026, man. Yeah, let's just let up. It's 2026, man. Yeah, let's just let   up. It's 2026, man. Yeah, let's just let Opus rip. Opus rip.   Opus rip. &gt;&gt; We could we could probably get pretty &gt;&gt; We could we could probably get pretty   &gt;&gt; We could we could probably get pretty pretty far. Actually, I did build this pretty far. Actually, I did build this   pretty far. Actually, I did build this throwaway UI in I don't know throwaway UI in I don't know   throwaway UI in I don't know &gt;&gt; 10 minutes of getting the PRD right and &gt;&gt; 10 minutes of getting the PRD right and   &gt;&gt; 10 minutes of getting the PRD right and then uh then uh   then uh &gt;&gt; right just the rest &gt;&gt; right just the rest   &gt;&gt; right just the rest &gt;&gt; because I like I and also if if people &gt;&gt; because I like I and also if if people   &gt;&gt; because I like I and also if if people don't necessarily think this is don't necessarily think this is   don't necessarily think this is interesting, feel free to put in the interesting, feel free to put in the   interesting, feel free to put in the chat. If you do think it's interesting, chat. If you do think it's interesting,   chat. If you do think it's interesting, put that in the chat as well. But the put that in the chat as well. But the   put that in the chat as well. But the reason why I'm asking is because like I reason why I'm asking is because like I   reason why I'm asking is because like I want to make crystal clear what people want to make crystal clear what people   want to make crystal clear what people um what people like what you mean when um what people like what you mean when   um what people like what you mean when you're saying yeah you're saying yeah   you're saying yeah &gt;&gt; oh we built like like I built an agent, &gt;&gt; oh we built like like I built an agent,   &gt;&gt; oh we built like like I built an agent, right? Like I think that the and the right? Like I think that the and the   right? Like I think that the and the reason why I'm I'm I'm pushing this to reason why I'm I'm I'm pushing this to   reason why I'm I'm I'm pushing this to to double click into this is because I to double click into this is because I   to double click into this is because I think that the word agent think that the word agent   think that the word agent &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah.   &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; means a different thing to a different &gt;&gt; means a different thing to a different   &gt;&gt; means a different thing to a different person on a different day. Um or it just person on a different day. Um or it just   person on a different day. Um or it just feels like to the n or to the feels like to the n or to the   feels like to the n or to the nontechnical person it just feels like nontechnical person it just feels like   nontechnical person it just feels like witch magic. Yeah. Yeah. Totally. And witch magic. Yeah. Yeah. Totally. And   witch magic. Yeah. Yeah. Totally. And and so yeah, I think this would be and so yeah, I think this would be   and so yeah, I think this would be great. The one thing I just want to do great. The one thing I just want to do   great. The one thing I just want to do before we go into that is can you just before we go into that is can you just   before we go into that is can you just Drew go back to the last tab because you Drew go back to the last tab because you   Drew go back to the last tab because you went through the text stack which was went through the text stack which was   went through the text stack which was great. Um no what go to the actual great. Um no what go to the actual   great. Um no what go to the actual template. Yeah. The lead. Yeah. And the template. Yeah. The lead. Yeah. And the   template. Yeah. The lead. Yeah. And the steps that you have here. I think this steps that you have here. I think this   steps that you have here. I think this is just val uh go up where it goes is just val uh go up where it goes   is just val uh go up where it goes through the steps that the lead agent go through the steps that the lead agent go   through the steps that the lead agent go through. Goes through the architecture through. Goes through the architecture   through. Goes through the architecture &gt;&gt; is like go to the architecture for a &gt;&gt; is like go to the architecture for a   &gt;&gt; is like go to the architecture for a second. second.   second. &gt;&gt; Uh architecture &gt;&gt; Uh architecture   &gt;&gt; Uh architecture &gt;&gt; down like there. &gt;&gt; down like there.   &gt;&gt; down like there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. This one. Yep. &gt;&gt; Yeah. This one. Yep.   &gt;&gt; Yeah. This one. Yep. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So basically what Drew is showing &gt;&gt; Yeah. So basically what Drew is showing   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So basically what Drew is showing here is like this is what the lead agent here is like this is what the lead agent   here is like this is what the lead agent is actually doing with the build, right? is actually doing with the build, right?   is actually doing with the build, right? So a user submits the form then the So a user submits the form then the   So a user submits the form then the workflow starts and what what is the workflow starts and what what is the   workflow starts and what what is the start of the workflow mean? start of the workflow mean?   start of the workflow mean? &gt;&gt; Uh that's just really making sure that &gt;&gt; Uh that's just really making sure that   &gt;&gt; Uh that's just really making sure that we have like retries durability like we we have like retries durability like we   we have like retries durability like we don't want this thing to fail. It's don't want this thing to fail. It's   don't want this thing to fail. It's really important we process this thing. really important we process this thing.   really important we process this thing. So workflow is just an easy way to say So workflow is just an easy way to say   So workflow is just an easy way to say like long running backend task. like long running backend task.   like long running backend task. &gt;&gt; Cool. And I assume when the workflow &gt;&gt; Cool. And I assume when the workflow   &gt;&gt; Cool. And I assume when the workflow starts it tells the user that they've starts it tells the user that they've   starts it tells the user that they've submitted the form like it it um submitted the form like it it um   submitted the form like it it um confirms that the form's been submitted. confirms that the form's been submitted.   confirms that the form's been submitted. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So we handle those things &gt;&gt; Yeah. So we handle those things   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So we handle those things distinctly. We will redo the front end distinctly. We will redo the front end   distinctly. We will redo the front end eventually but uh yeah user gets uh eventually but uh yeah user gets uh   eventually but uh yeah user gets uh immediately gets response and cool this immediately gets response and cool this   immediately gets response and cool this happens in the background happens in the background   happens in the background &gt;&gt; and then also in the background I'm &gt;&gt; and then also in the background I'm   &gt;&gt; and then also in the background I'm assuming you also have the integration assuming you also have the integration   assuming you also have the integration with clear bit where the lead is being with clear bit where the lead is being   with clear bit where the lead is being enriched so that once the research agent enriched so that once the research agent   enriched so that once the research agent starts it has all that info that's been starts it has all that info that's been   starts it has all that info that's been pulled in by clear bit. pulled in by clear bit.   pulled in by clear bit. &gt;&gt; Yeah exactly. We we basically take &gt;&gt; Yeah exactly. We we basically take   &gt;&gt; Yeah exactly. We we basically take everything we know about a lead from the everything we know about a lead from the   everything we know about a lead from the CRM perspective and dump it over in the CRM perspective and dump it over in the   CRM perspective and dump it over in the payload to uh the the actual um lead payload to uh the the actual um lead   payload to uh the the actual um lead agent here. agent here.   agent here. &gt;&gt; Cool. So uh the lead has been enriched &gt;&gt; Cool. So uh the lead has been enriched   &gt;&gt; Cool. So uh the lead has been enriched by the time you get to the research by the time you get to the research   by the time you get to the research agent which again from the tech stack agent which again from the tech stack   agent which again from the tech stack perspective you're using the AI SDK perspective you're using the AI SDK   perspective you're using the AI SDK agent basically to route to whatever LLM agent basically to route to whatever LLM   agent basically to route to whatever LLM you kind of want to which is I think a you kind of want to which is I think a   you kind of want to which is I think a big thing with agents which is like how big thing with agents which is like how   big thing with agents which is like how do you make them composable so you can do you make them composable so you can   do you make them composable so you can kind of use whatever LLM you want to use kind of use whatever LLM you want to use   kind of use whatever LLM you want to use depending on the need cost etc. research depending on the need cost etc. research   depending on the need cost etc. research is being done on the lead. Based on that is being done on the lead. Based on that   is being done on the lead. Based on that research, then using the AI SDK uh as research, then using the AI SDK uh as   research, then using the AI SDK uh as well, the lead is being qualified based well, the lead is being qualified based   well, the lead is being qualified based on my guesses in your prompt. You have on my guesses in your prompt. You have   on my guesses in your prompt. You have some definitions around qualification of some definitions around qualification of   some definitions around qualification of a lead, how you score a lead, what's a a lead, how you score a lead, what's a   a lead, how you score a lead, what's a great lead, not a great lead. great lead, not a great lead.   great lead, not a great lead. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we've got the we've got the bra &gt;&gt; Yeah, we've got the we've got the bra   &gt;&gt; Yeah, we've got the we've got the bra prompt over here. It's wild. prompt over here. It's wild.   prompt over here. It's wild. &gt;&gt; That's awesome. A and okay, I want to &gt;&gt; That's awesome. A and okay, I want to   &gt;&gt; That's awesome. A and okay, I want to talk about that in a minute, but so then talk about that in a minute, but so then   talk about that in a minute, but so then that happens based on the qualification. that happens based on the qualification.   that happens based on the qualification. An email is generated by an LLM to the An email is generated by an LLM to the   An email is generated by an LLM to the leads that have been qual deemed quality leads that have been qual deemed quality   leads that have been qual deemed quality and then that set is sent in Slack to and then that set is sent in Slack to   and then that set is sent in Slack to the the two SDRs who look at it. They the the two SDRs who look at it. They   the the two SDRs who look at it. They verify it. They verify the email's good. verify it. They verify the email's good.   verify it. They verify the email's good. They click approved and the email sent They click approved and the email sent   They click approved and the email sent to a qualified lead. to a qualified lead.   to a qualified lead. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Exactly.   &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Amazing. Okay. Are we all on the same &gt;&gt; Amazing. Okay. Are we all on the same   &gt;&gt; Amazing. Okay. Are we all on the same page? page?   page? &gt;&gt; I'm I'm guessing yes. &gt;&gt; I'm I'm guessing yes.   &gt;&gt; I'm I'm guessing yes. &gt;&gt; Throw some emojis in the chat. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Throw some emojis in the chat. Yeah.   &gt;&gt; Throw some emojis in the chat. Yeah. Last we got emojis. Amazing. So, let's Last we got emojis. Amazing. So, let's   Last we got emojis. Amazing. So, let's let's let it rip now. Okay, we can hop let's let it rip now. Okay, we can hop   let's let it rip now. Okay, we can hop into the code. Good. Good comment. into the code. Good. Good comment.   into the code. Good. Good comment. &gt;&gt; Okay, so I just want everybody to &gt;&gt; Okay, so I just want everybody to   &gt;&gt; Okay, so I just want everybody to realize we have 14 minutes and Drew had realize we have 14 minutes and Drew had   realize we have 14 minutes and Drew had no prep to build this live right now and no prep to build this live right now and   no prep to build this live right now and we're just throwing this on him. So, we're just throwing this on him. So,   we're just throwing this on him. So, this is going to be nuts. Well, what's this is going to be nuts. Well, what's   this is going to be nuts. Well, what's kind of wild is we already have a kind of wild is we already have a   kind of wild is we already have a template, right? So, it's it's not that template, right? So, it's it's not that   template, right? So, it's it's not that much to start from the template. We can much to start from the template. We can   much to start from the template. We can we can uh we can uh   we can uh &gt;&gt; let me let me explain this agent &gt;&gt; let me let me explain this agent   &gt;&gt; let me let me explain this agent abstraction, though. I I think this is abstraction, though. I I think this is   abstraction, though. I I think this is when everybody says what are you when everybody says what are you   when everybody says what are you building? An agent is just this agent building? An agent is just this agent   building? An agent is just this agent class. You pick a model. You come up class. You pick a model. You come up   class. You pick a model. You come up with a prompt and then you give it tools with a prompt and then you give it tools   with a prompt and then you give it tools and then you set some criteria that's and then you set some criteria that's   and then you set some criteria that's like when should this thing stop. By like when should this thing stop. By   like when should this thing stop. By default, the AI SDK will stop when default, the AI SDK will stop when   default, the AI SDK will stop when you've reached 20 tool calls. But you you've reached 20 tool calls. But you   you've reached 20 tool calls. But you can set something custom here. You can can set something custom here. You can   can set something custom here. You can say like when the result of tool call X say like when the result of tool call X   say like when the result of tool call X is called. So you can have a finished is called. So you can have a finished   is called. So you can have a finished tool call and it'll go as long as it tool call and it'll go as long as it   tool call and it'll go as long as it wants. Um and and so this is an agent. wants. Um and and so this is an agent.   wants. Um and and so this is an agent. This is this is This is this is   This is this is &gt;&gt; the simplest. &gt;&gt; the simplest.   &gt;&gt; the simplest. &gt;&gt; This is beautiful. [laughter] &gt;&gt; This is beautiful. [laughter]   &gt;&gt; This is beautiful. [laughter] &gt;&gt; It's not hard. Uh it's not hard. And &gt;&gt; It's not hard. Uh it's not hard. And   &gt;&gt; It's not hard. Uh it's not hard. And then you just go define these different then you just go define these different   then you just go define these different tools. So tools. So   tools. So &gt;&gt; wait. So could you go down? I just want &gt;&gt; wait. So could you go down? I just want   &gt;&gt; wait. So could you go down? I just want to I just want to highlight for people to I just want to highlight for people   to I just want to highlight for people who've never like really seen code. who've never like really seen code.   who've never like really seen code. Basically, if you look at like what Basically, if you look at like what   Basically, if you look at like what could you put your uh cursor over the could you put your uh cursor over the   could you put your uh cursor over the cursor over the agent word? cursor over the agent word?   cursor over the agent word? &gt;&gt; Uh, yep. So, so that thing &gt;&gt; Uh, yep. So, so that thing   &gt;&gt; Uh, yep. So, so that thing &gt;&gt; and see the zoom in please. More &gt;&gt; and see the zoom in please. More   &gt;&gt; and see the zoom in please. More cowbell. [laughter] cowbell. [laughter]   cowbell. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Boom. &gt;&gt; Boom.   &gt;&gt; Boom. &gt;&gt; More cowbell. Uh, the uh, so, so if you &gt;&gt; More cowbell. Uh, the uh, so, so if you   &gt;&gt; More cowbell. Uh, the uh, so, so if you see there's a parenthesy open on that see there's a parenthesy open on that   see there's a parenthesy open on that line and then there's a parenthesy open line and then there's a parenthesy open   line and then there's a parenthesy open all the way on the bottom. That means all the way on the bottom. That means   all the way on the bottom. That means that everything between there is like a that everything between there is like a   that everything between there is like a part of this agent. Okay? So, you're part of this agent. Okay? So, you're   part of this agent. Okay? So, you're creating an agent. you're putting creating an agent. you're putting   creating an agent. you're putting parenthesis around it like a hug to say parenthesis around it like a hug to say   parenthesis around it like a hug to say all of these things are going to be a all of these things are going to be a   all of these things are going to be a part of this agent. What what we're part of this agent. What what we're   part of this agent. What what we're saying is the model is going to be GPT5 saying is the model is going to be GPT5   saying is the model is going to be GPT5 and we had questions about this earlier and we had questions about this earlier   and we had questions about this earlier asking what is your preference and it asking what is your preference and it   asking what is your preference and it seems like here you have five but before seems like here you have five but before   seems like here you have five but before you said that you're using claude fall you said that you're using claude fall   you said that you're using claude fall back to 5.2 to that part actually I back to 5.2 to that part actually I   back to 5.2 to that part actually I don't think matters don't think matters   don't think matters system prompt we all know from chatbt system prompt we all know from chatbt   system prompt we all know from chatbt you can prompt it something that will you can prompt it something that will   you can prompt it something that will always be appended and then I have always be appended and then I have   always be appended and then I have actually never used this stop when thing actually never used this stop when thing   actually never used this stop when thing what you're basically saying if I'm not what you're basically saying if I'm not   what you're basically saying if I'm not mistaken is hey you have all these mistaken is hey you have all these   mistaken is hey you have all these things you can do you can search and things you can do you can search and   things you can do you can search and this is down here uh you can search you this is down here uh you can search you   this is down here uh you can search you can query knowledgeb agent you can fetch can query knowledgeb agent you can fetch   can query knowledgeb agent you can fetch URL you can do all these different URL you can do all these different   URL you can do all these different things you can use all these different things you can use all these different   things you can use all these different tools but once you've used 20 of them tools but once you've used 20 of them   tools but once you've used 20 of them style. style.   style. &gt;&gt; Give me a response. Is that right? &gt;&gt; Give me a response. Is that right?   &gt;&gt; Give me a response. Is that right? &gt;&gt; Exactly. That's awesome. That's so cool. &gt;&gt; Exactly. That's awesome. That's so cool.   &gt;&gt; Exactly. That's awesome. That's so cool. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's simple. It's really simple. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's simple. It's really simple.   &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's simple. It's really simple. And you can define custom ones here. So, And you can define custom ones here. So,   And you can define custom ones here. So, yeah, we we just have 20 in this example yeah, we we just have 20 in this example   yeah, we we just have 20 in this example cuz I don't want to run up somebody a cuz I don't want to run up somebody a   cuz I don't want to run up somebody a wild AI bill, but um you know what's wild AI bill, but um you know what's   wild AI bill, but um you know what's going viral on Twitter these days is uh going viral on Twitter these days is uh   going viral on Twitter these days is uh the the Ralph way of building with cloud the the Ralph way of building with cloud   the the Ralph way of building with cloud code, which is you basically just let it code, which is you basically just let it   code, which is you basically just let it go indefinitely. It's like a loop that go indefinitely. It's like a loop that   go indefinitely. It's like a loop that says keep trying. Um and and so you you says keep trying. Um and and so you you   says keep trying. Um and and so you you could make that and actually one of our could make that and actually one of our   could make that and actually one of our engineers did make a Ralph loop in in engineers did make a Ralph loop in in   engineers did make a Ralph loop in in the agent. Um see Tate on on Twitter if the agent. Um see Tate on on Twitter if   the agent. Um see Tate on on Twitter if you can go find his work. Um but anyway, you can go find his work. Um but anyway,   you can go find his work. Um but anyway, yeah, this is it's super simple and then yeah, this is it's super simple and then   yeah, this is it's super simple and then you do have to do some work to integrate you do have to do some work to integrate   you do have to do some work to integrate with the different systems of record, with the different systems of record,   with the different systems of record, right? And uh the exit thing simple but right? And uh the exit thing simple but   right? And uh the exit thing simple but really really   really &gt;&gt; and and something that would be helpful &gt;&gt; and and something that would be helpful   &gt;&gt; and and something that would be helpful for people is like knowledge base means for people is like knowledge base means   for people is like knowledge base means different things in different context in different things in different context in   different things in different context in the context of this agent. What are your the context of this agent. What are your   the context of this agent. What are your knowledge bases and how is the knowledge knowledge bases and how is the knowledge   knowledge bases and how is the knowledge base being used in the agent um to to base being used in the agent um to to   base being used in the agent um to to make sure that it generates quality make sure that it generates quality   make sure that it generates quality output. output.   output. &gt;&gt; Uh yeah we should probably spend a whole &gt;&gt; Uh yeah we should probably spend a whole   &gt;&gt; Uh yeah we should probably spend a whole another webinar talking about the another webinar talking about the   another webinar talking about the knowledge base. We built a pretty knowledge base. We built a pretty   knowledge base. We built a pretty intense system here. Um, so the the intense system here. Um, so the the   intense system here. Um, so the the problem in GTM in building all of these problem in GTM in building all of these   problem in GTM in building all of these agents is if you don't build a basically agents is if you don't build a basically   agents is if you don't build a basically account level knowledge base, you will account level knowledge base, you will   account level knowledge base, you will basically do the same thing over and basically do the same thing over and   basically do the same thing over and over again in all these different over again in all these different   over again in all these different agents. So we built a foundational agents. So we built a foundational   agents. So we built a foundational knowledge base that all of these agents knowledge base that all of these agents   knowledge base that all of these agents can query. It is in Turbo Puffer. can query. It is in Turbo Puffer.   can query. It is in Turbo Puffer. Turbopuffer is a vector database Turbopuffer is a vector database   Turbopuffer is a vector database solution. I'm probably underelling them, solution. I'm probably underelling them,   solution. I'm probably underelling them, but they're amazing. Um, but they're amazing. Um,   but they're amazing. Um, I would basically describe our our I would basically describe our our   I would basically describe our our knowledge base as for every account in knowledge base as for every account in   knowledge base as for every account in Salesforce, we have their own collection Salesforce, we have their own collection   Salesforce, we have their own collection of documents. And those documents are a of documents. And those documents are a   of documents. And those documents are a markdown representation of every sales markdown representation of every sales   markdown representation of every sales call, every email, internal Slack call, every email, internal Slack   call, every email, internal Slack channel communication, external Slack channel communication, external Slack   channel communication, external Slack channel communication. And so you've got channel communication. And so you've got   channel communication. And so you've got everything that we know at the company everything that we know at the company   everything that we know at the company basically all the primary sources uh of basically all the primary sources uh of   basically all the primary sources uh of of this company basically embedded and of this company basically embedded and   of this company basically embedded and you can do retrieval. People have called you can do retrieval. People have called   you can do retrieval. People have called it rag people have called it whatever. it rag people have called it whatever.   it rag people have called it whatever. Um but anyway that's that's what we're Um but anyway that's that's what we're   Um but anyway that's that's what we're doing here is we we get a query and doing here is we we get a query and   doing here is we we get a query and what's wild is you don't have to come up what's wild is you don't have to come up   what's wild is you don't have to come up with the query. The agent will like uh with the query. The agent will like uh   with the query. The agent will like uh the agent will come up with what to the agent will come up with what to   the agent will come up with what to search your knowledge base for. It search your knowledge base for. It   search your knowledge base for. It doesn't even you don't even need to doesn't even you don't even need to   doesn't even you don't even need to think about that. think about that.   think about that. um you just need to take the results um you just need to take the results   um you just need to take the results from it and and give it back to the from it and and give it back to the   from it and and give it back to the agent. Um so we've built that thing. agent. Um so we've built that thing.   agent. Um so we've built that thing. We're doing a case study on it actually We're doing a case study on it actually   We're doing a case study on it actually with Turbo Puffer. So maybe I'll have a with Turbo Puffer. So maybe I'll have a   with Turbo Puffer. So maybe I'll have a link for you someday about that. But um link for you someday about that. But um   link for you someday about that. But um yeah, I think it's worth investing in yeah, I think it's worth investing in   yeah, I think it's worth investing in building out a good knowledge base on building out a good knowledge base on   building out a good knowledge base on your accounts. your accounts.   your accounts. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think honestly I think we &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think honestly I think we   &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think honestly I think we should I think we Yeah. I was going to should I think we Yeah. I was going to   should I think we Yeah. I was going to say we should do a future episode just say we should do a future episode just   say we should do a future episode just around building a quality knowledge base around building a quality knowledge base   around building a quality knowledge base because I just think like especially in because I just think like especially in   because I just think like especially in a post AAAI world like that becomes such a post AAAI world like that becomes such   a post AAAI world like that becomes such a material thing. Um, so one question, a material thing. Um, so one question,   a material thing. Um, so one question, you you flashed the the prompt uh for you you flashed the the prompt uh for   you you flashed the the prompt uh for the agent before. Talk about your the agent before. Talk about your   the agent before. Talk about your process for generating the initial process for generating the initial   process for generating the initial prompt. Like how did you come up with a prompt. Like how did you come up with a   prompt. Like how did you come up with a prompt that you thought would be quality prompt that you thought would be quality   prompt that you thought would be quality that would generate quality results? And that would generate quality results? And   that would generate quality results? And then I know part of this whole lead then I know part of this whole lead   then I know part of this whole lead agent is that agent is that   agent is that based on how it's performing and where based on how it's performing and where   based on how it's performing and where there's feedback, it will improve. Is there's feedback, it will improve. Is   there's feedback, it will improve. Is that self-improving? like it does the that self-improving? like it does the   that self-improving? like it does the prompt improve on its own or are you is prompt improve on its own or are you is   prompt improve on its own or are you is someone like you or another go to market someone like you or another go to market   someone like you or another go to market engineer going in and just constantly engineer going in and just constantly   engineer going in and just constantly evolving the prompt based on what's evolving the prompt based on what's   evolving the prompt based on what's working or not working for the two SDRs. working or not working for the two SDRs.   working or not working for the two SDRs. We haven't fully given them the keys to We haven't fully given them the keys to   We haven't fully given them the keys to make the updates themselves yet. We will make the updates themselves yet. We will   make the updates themselves yet. We will um it it's kind of just a question of um it it's kind of just a question of   um it it's kind of just a question of when the right time is to versioning the when the right time is to versioning the   when the right time is to versioning the prompts. So, that's another thing that I prompts. So, that's another thing that I   prompts. So, that's another thing that I think is pretty important to do is think is pretty important to do is   think is pretty important to do is version your prompts, persist those in version your prompts, persist those in   version your prompts, persist those in your systems of record so you know which your systems of record so you know which   your systems of record so you know which version of the prompt um was actually version of the prompt um was actually   version of the prompt um was actually used. And we keep all our prompts in used. And we keep all our prompts in   used. And we keep all our prompts in source control. So, we've got get source control. So, we've got get   source control. So, we've got get history and all that good stuff. Um history and all that good stuff. Um   history and all that good stuff. Um I I think on the prompt how I came up I I think on the prompt how I came up   I I think on the prompt how I came up with the first one um was really just with the first one um was really just   with the first one um was really just sitting down and like you kind of go sitting down and like you kind of go   sitting down and like you kind of go case by case of where you know in this case by case of where you know in this   case by case of where you know in this example app like what it disagreed on example app like what it disagreed on   example app like what it disagreed on here wasn't maybe a good signal. Um what here wasn't maybe a good signal. Um what   here wasn't maybe a good signal. Um what do we have here?       Yeah, see that's the human was just Yeah, see that's the human was just   Yeah, see that's the human was just wrong here. Um, but what you'll find wrong here. Um, but what you'll find   wrong here. Um, but what you'll find sometimes, right, is a place where sometimes, right, is a place where   sometimes, right, is a place where you're like, "Oh, the AI was wrong you're like, "Oh, the AI was wrong   you're like, "Oh, the AI was wrong here." Um, and where the AI is wrong, here." Um, and where the AI is wrong,   here." Um, and where the AI is wrong, you just add that to your list. And then you just add that to your list. And then   you just add that to your list. And then occasionally your prompt gets unruly, so occasionally your prompt gets unruly, so   occasionally your prompt gets unruly, so you take it and you say, "Hey, help me you take it and you say, "Hey, help me   you take it and you say, "Hey, help me help me format this prompt better back help me format this prompt better back   help me format this prompt better back into AI." Like you go pull up chat GPT into AI." Like you go pull up chat GPT   into AI." Like you go pull up chat GPT or cloud or whatever. Um, and so you or cloud or whatever. Um, and so you   or cloud or whatever. Um, and so you just use AI to refine your prompt over just use AI to refine your prompt over   just use AI to refine your prompt over time when you find these edge cases. And time when you find these edge cases. And   time when you find these edge cases. And so AI it AI is kind of improving AI a so AI it AI is kind of improving AI a   so AI it AI is kind of improving AI a little bit but um yeah we're just using little bit but um yeah we're just using   little bit but um yeah we're just using our human taste plus edge case really our human taste plus edge case really   our human taste plus edge case really like really if you go through our prompt like really if you go through our prompt   like really if you go through our prompt most of it is like AI is eager to give most of it is like AI is eager to give   most of it is like AI is eager to give us a lead like it wants to make us happy us a lead like it wants to make us happy   us a lead like it wants to make us happy it's like Drew wants leads so I'm going it's like Drew wants leads so I'm going   it's like Drew wants leads so I'm going to give him leads so we really most of to give him leads so we really most of   to give him leads so we really most of the time are just slapping the wrist of the time are just slapping the wrist of   the time are just slapping the wrist of the agent saying no that's a bad lead no the agent saying no that's a bad lead no   the agent saying no that's a bad lead no that's a bad lead no again that is also that's a bad lead no again that is also   that's a bad lead no again that is also a bad lead. And a bad lead. And   a bad lead. And um so yeah, a lot of your prompt will um so yeah, a lot of your prompt will   um so yeah, a lot of your prompt will just be like convincing the AI that just be like convincing the AI that   just be like convincing the AI that actually you don't want this good actually you don't want this good   actually you don't want this good outcome cuz it doesn't believe you. It outcome cuz it doesn't believe you. It   outcome cuz it doesn't believe you. It like AI naturally it's it's just trying like AI naturally it's it's just trying   like AI naturally it's it's just trying to make you happy, man. to make you happy, man.   to make you happy, man. Got it. So let's say I am a sales Got it. So let's say I am a sales   Got it. So let's say I am a sales leader, sales go to market leader or leader, sales go to market leader or   leader, sales go to market leader or like a a seuite executive and I'm like I like a a seuite executive and I'm like I   like a a seuite executive and I'm like I want to deploy this in my company. Um want to deploy this in my company. Um   want to deploy this in my company. Um I I would say like there's two ways we I I would say like there's two ways we   I I would say like there's two ways we could go with this. One one is just like could go with this. One one is just like   could go with this. One one is just like how can I deploy this? Like I want to how can I deploy this? Like I want to   how can I deploy this? Like I want to use this in my company. Um but I am not use this in my company. Um but I am not   use this in my company. Um but I am not technical enough to feel like I can technical enough to feel like I can   technical enough to feel like I can deploy it myself. What should I do? My deploy it myself. What should I do? My   deploy it myself. What should I do? My assumption is your answer will be well assumption is your answer will be well   assumption is your answer will be well find the the the best engineer you know find the the the best engineer you know   find the the the best engineer you know and pull them off their work and have and pull them off their work and have   and pull them off their work and have them do this. Um what what suggestions them do this. Um what what suggestions   them do this. Um what what suggestions you would have around people actually you would have around people actually   you would have around people actually using this? Yeah, I would I would go using this? Yeah, I would I would go   using this? Yeah, I would I would go find um you probably have a lot a lot of find um you probably have a lot a lot of   find um you probably have a lot a lot of companies have somebody like a sales companies have somebody like a sales   companies have somebody like a sales engineer who is technical, who can code, engineer who is technical, who can code,   engineer who is technical, who can code, but spends a lot of their time talking but spends a lot of their time talking   but spends a lot of their time talking to customers. Go steal that person and to customers. Go steal that person and   to customers. Go steal that person and say, "Hey, here's this repo. Is this say, "Hey, here's this repo. Is this   say, "Hey, here's this repo. Is this interesting to you? Go deploy it to interesting to you? Go deploy it to   interesting to you? Go deploy it to Verscell. Takes 10 minutes." Um connect Verscell. Takes 10 minutes." Um connect   Verscell. Takes 10 minutes." Um connect it to your CRM. The biggest work there it to your CRM. The biggest work there   it to your CRM. The biggest work there will be figuring out how to get into will be figuring out how to get into   will be figuring out how to get into Salesforce and actually get creds out. Salesforce and actually get creds out.   Salesforce and actually get creds out. It's a huge pain to navigate. Um, but It's a huge pain to navigate. Um, but   It's a huge pain to navigate. Um, but once you have that all set up, it's it's once you have that all set up, it's it's   once you have that all set up, it's it's trivial to to add this to your flow. The trivial to to add this to your flow. The   trivial to to add this to your flow. The the thing I'd say like prioritizing the thing I'd say like prioritizing   the thing I'd say like prioritizing though, I wouldn't actually like back to though, I wouldn't actually like back to   though, I wouldn't actually like back to the point of like what to work on. Lead the point of like what to work on. Lead   the point of like what to work on. Lead agent is great. I love the project I agent is great. I love the project I   agent is great. I love the project I built that I I feel strongly that it's built that I I feel strongly that it's   built that I I feel strongly that it's had a great impact here, but I really do had a great impact here, but I really do   had a great impact here, but I really do think you should go figure out what the think you should go figure out what the   think you should go figure out what the biggest problem in your sales and biggest problem in your sales and   biggest problem in your sales and marketing org is and go tackle that with marketing org is and go tackle that with   marketing org is and go tackle that with AI. So, that's my big like AI is is AI. So, that's my big like AI is is   AI. So, that's my big like AI is is truly a 10x uh pun uh tool. Like I I truly a 10x uh pun uh tool. Like I I   truly a 10x uh pun uh tool. Like I I think you should go look for problems think you should go look for problems   think you should go look for problems that actually get you the 10x outcome. that actually get you the 10x outcome.   that actually get you the 10x outcome. And um it's it's like so you can't just And um it's it's like so you can't just   And um it's it's like so you can't just steal what was a 10x for me. Uh because steal what was a 10x for me. Uh because   steal what was a 10x for me. Uh because it might not be a 10x for your arc. it might not be a 10x for your arc.   it might not be a 10x for your arc. &gt;&gt; Totally. My I mean my assumption is &gt;&gt; Totally. My I mean my assumption is   &gt;&gt; Totally. My I mean my assumption is actually like the most trivial piece actually like the most trivial piece   actually like the most trivial piece here again is like you've built the the here again is like you've built the the   here again is like you've built the the kind of the core kind of the core   kind of the core like the core agent like there's not like the core agent like there's not   like the core agent like there's not actually much that has to be done there. actually much that has to be done there.   actually much that has to be done there. It's like all the things that make it It's like all the things that make it   It's like all the things that make it custom to your company if you want to custom to your company if you want to   custom to your company if you want to deploy this like deploy this like   deploy this like &gt;&gt; do you have a knowledge base that's &gt;&gt; do you have a knowledge base that's   &gt;&gt; do you have a knowledge base that's actually updated and quality that the actually updated and quality that the   actually updated and quality that the lead agent can pull from? uh are you lead agent can pull from? uh are you   lead agent can pull from? uh are you connected to your CRM uh in a way that connected to your CRM uh in a way that   connected to your CRM uh in a way that like you're pulling in the right like you're pulling in the right   like you're pulling in the right information and also you could information and also you could   information and also you could potentially write like uh the right potentially write like uh the right   potentially write like uh the right information in Salesforce to push leads information in Salesforce to push leads   information in Salesforce to push leads across your pipeline. It seems like a across your pipeline. It seems like a   across your pipeline. It seems like a lot of it the customization is basically lot of it the customization is basically   lot of it the customization is basically just like the quality of the connections just like the quality of the connections   just like the quality of the connections and the quality of the data that you're and the quality of the data that you're   and the quality of the data that you're feeding from your business. feeding from your business.   feeding from your business. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Quality data quality. We have &gt;&gt; Exactly. Quality data quality. We have   &gt;&gt; Exactly. Quality data quality. We have an amazing the reason all of this works an amazing the reason all of this works   an amazing the reason all of this works is Versell has an amazing data team. Um, is Versell has an amazing data team. Um,   is Versell has an amazing data team. Um, so I think it's a basically your agents so I think it's a basically your agents   so I think it's a basically your agents will only be as good as the data you will only be as good as the data you   will only be as good as the data you give them. And uh the the crap in crap give them. And uh the the crap in crap   give them. And uh the the crap in crap out thing is is uh totally true, out thing is is uh totally true,   out thing is is uh totally true, especially with AI. Love it. I know we especially with AI. Love it. I know we   especially with AI. Love it. I know we only have a few minutes left. I want to only have a few minutes left. I want to   only have a few minutes left. I want to open up the chat uh for any questions. open up the chat uh for any questions.   open up the chat uh for any questions. So if anyone in the chat has questions So if anyone in the chat has questions   So if anyone in the chat has questions based on what Drew has chatted about, uh based on what Drew has chatted about, uh   based on what Drew has chatted about, uh please drop them in. Um in the meantime, please drop them in. Um in the meantime,   please drop them in. Um in the meantime, Arman, do you have any uh questions you Arman, do you have any uh questions you   Arman, do you have any uh questions you wanted to ask Drew about the build? wanted to ask Drew about the build?   wanted to ask Drew about the build? This was great. No, I'm going through This was great. No, I'm going through   This was great. No, I'm going through the chat. There have been a ton of the chat. There have been a ton of   the chat. There have been a ton of questions. I'm just scrolling through to questions. I'm just scrolling through to   questions. I'm just scrolling through to see um what makes sense. I guess there see um what makes sense. I guess there   see um what makes sense. I guess there are a few questions about turbo puffer are a few questions about turbo puffer   are a few questions about turbo puffer as opposed to like pine cone and stuff. as opposed to like pine cone and stuff.   as opposed to like pine cone and stuff. Do you just want to talk about that? Do you just want to talk about that?   Do you just want to talk about that? &gt;&gt; Well, well, talk about that. And then &gt;&gt; Well, well, talk about that. And then   &gt;&gt; Well, well, talk about that. And then just so you have one question we got just so you have one question we got   just so you have one question we got over and over is people are wondering, over and over is people are wondering,   over and over is people are wondering, can we do something similar for outbound can we do something similar for outbound   can we do something similar for outbound uh sales, not just inbound? uh sales, not just inbound?   uh sales, not just inbound? &gt;&gt; Great question. Um, Turboroper is very &gt;&gt; Great question. Um, Turboroper is very   &gt;&gt; Great question. Um, Turboroper is very similar to Pine Cone. It basically the similar to Pine Cone. It basically the   similar to Pine Cone. It basically the code looks very similar when you're code looks very similar when you're   code looks very similar when you're querying it. The difference is they querying it. The difference is they   querying it. The difference is they fundamentally rebuilt the vector fundamentally rebuilt the vector   fundamentally rebuilt the vector database on top of S3 as a primitive. So database on top of S3 as a primitive. So   database on top of S3 as a primitive. So using object storage is just using object storage is just   using object storage is just dramatically cheaper. Um, this is dramatically cheaper. Um, this is   dramatically cheaper. Um, this is something I needed to keep on the back something I needed to keep on the back   something I needed to keep on the back of like a corporate credit card. I of like a corporate credit card. I   of like a corporate credit card. I didn't want to go through procurement. didn't want to go through procurement.   didn't want to go through procurement. Uh, they start off at 64 bucks a month Uh, they start off at 64 bucks a month   Uh, they start off at 64 bucks a month and I did the math. I think I can fit and I did the math. I think I can fit   and I did the math. I think I can fit every gong call, every everything about every gong call, every everything about   every gong call, every everything about the company I think I can fit into the company I think I can fit into   the company I think I can fit into 500 bucks a month of spend. Um, the same 500 bucks a month of spend. Um, the same   500 bucks a month of spend. Um, the same is not true for Pine Cone. Pine cone is not true for Pine Cone. Pine cone   is not true for Pine Cone. Pine cone would have been dramatically higher. So would have been dramatically higher. So   would have been dramatically higher. So anyway, Turbo Puffer, go give them a anyway, Turbo Puffer, go give them a   anyway, Turbo Puffer, go give them a look. Uh, they they have a great product look. Uh, they they have a great product   look. Uh, they they have a great product and it's causal relationship as well. and it's causal relationship as well.   and it's causal relationship as well. &gt;&gt; Uh, Notion uses them under the hood. &gt;&gt; Uh, Notion uses them under the hood.   &gt;&gt; Uh, Notion uses them under the hood. Cursor uses them under the hood. They've Cursor uses them under the hood. They've   Cursor uses them under the hood. They've got some amazing tech there and good got some amazing tech there and good   got some amazing tech there and good people over there. Um, so that's kind of people over there. Um, so that's kind of   people over there. Um, so that's kind of why I landed on Turbo Puffer was I did why I landed on Turbo Puffer was I did   why I landed on Turbo Puffer was I did the cost comparison. I was like, "Wow, the cost comparison. I was like, "Wow,   the cost comparison. I was like, "Wow, uh, I never have to go through uh, I never have to go through   uh, I never have to go through procurement. I can keep this in my on my procurement. I can keep this in my on my   procurement. I can keep this in my on my ramp car for a very long time." Um, and ramp car for a very long time." Um, and   ramp car for a very long time." Um, and so happy with that. Um, so happy with that. Um,   so happy with that. Um, changing gears, the other question, changing gears, the other question,   changing gears, the other question, outbound. outbound.   outbound. &gt;&gt; Outbound. &gt;&gt; Outbound.   &gt;&gt; Outbound. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're we're doing this now. Um, so &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're we're doing this now. Um, so   &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're we're doing this now. Um, so we don't have any like public case we don't have any like public case   we don't have any like public case studies or anything on this, but you studies or anything on this, but you   studies or anything on this, but you know, if you go if you're a high intent know, if you go if you're a high intent   know, if you go if you're a high intent lead and you go land on our pricing page lead and you go land on our pricing page   lead and you go land on our pricing page right now, there's a chance you will get right now, there's a chance you will get   right now, there's a chance you will get an email from a system we've built. an email from a system we've built.   an email from a system we've built. Love it. So, in a few months when the Love it. So, in a few months when the   Love it. So, in a few months when the system has driven uh now tens of system has driven uh now tens of   system has driven uh now tens of millions of dollars in pipeline for you millions of dollars in pipeline for you   millions of dollars in pipeline for you guys, you'll just come back on and uh guys, you'll just come back on and uh   guys, you'll just come back on and uh break it down for everyone. Yeah, we can break it down for everyone. Yeah, we can   break it down for everyone. Yeah, we can give you the quarterly business review give you the quarterly business review   give you the quarterly business review of of Xen. of of Xen.   of of Xen. &gt;&gt; Love it. One one last question is &gt;&gt; Love it. One one last question is   &gt;&gt; Love it. One one last question is I'm just curious how like you built this I'm just curious how like you built this   I'm just curious how like you built this in a weekend. I'm assuming like when you in a weekend. I'm assuming like when you   in a weekend. I'm assuming like when you built it in the weekend, you hadn't like built it in the weekend, you hadn't like   built it in the weekend, you hadn't like asked for permission or like like kind asked for permission or like like kind   asked for permission or like like kind of pitched it this to leadership yet. of pitched it this to leadership yet.   of pitched it this to leadership yet. Who did you ultimately pitch this to? Who did you ultimately pitch this to?   Who did you ultimately pitch this to? And kind of like what was the case that And kind of like what was the case that   And kind of like what was the case that you made for lead agent? you made for lead agent?   you made for lead agent? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a good question. Um, &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a good question. Um,   &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a good question. Um, how I went about it was first getting how I went about it was first getting   how I went about it was first getting buyin from a couple IC's. So, wanted buyin from a couple IC's. So, wanted   buyin from a couple IC's. So, wanted IC's on the ground doing the job to say IC's on the ground doing the job to say   IC's on the ground doing the job to say this thing's doing pretty well. Um, and this thing's doing pretty well. Um, and   this thing's doing pretty well. Um, and then I partnered very very closely with then I partnered very very closely with   then I partnered very very closely with the functional leader for that group. the functional leader for that group.   the functional leader for that group. His name's Nick Gage. He's really like His name's Nick Gage. He's really like   His name's Nick Gage. He's really like he will lean into any AI initiative. he will lean into any AI initiative.   he will lean into any AI initiative. He's he's great to work with. He's He's he's great to work with. He's   He's he's great to work with. He's constantly generating vzero prototypes constantly generating vzero prototypes   constantly generating vzero prototypes of ideas and things like that. So really of ideas and things like that. So really   of ideas and things like that. So really just working with that functional just working with that functional   just working with that functional leader, getting something that he leader, getting something that he   leader, getting something that he co-signed um was was really big for co-signed um was was really big for   co-signed um was was really big for getting like the full exec thumbs up. Um getting like the full exec thumbs up. Um   getting like the full exec thumbs up. Um but really the data spoke for itself. Um but really the data spoke for itself. Um   but really the data spoke for itself. Um there was a data analyst on our team who there was a data analyst on our team who   there was a data analyst on our team who we had this thing running in the shadow we had this thing running in the shadow   we had this thing running in the shadow mode for a while and I wasn't sure what mode for a while and I wasn't sure what   mode for a while and I wasn't sure what the data would look like but he the data would look like but he   the data would look like but he basically uncovered that 100% efficiency basically uncovered that 100% efficiency   basically uncovered that 100% efficiency improvement touch points from eight improvement touch points from eight   improvement touch points from eight uh touch points per lead down to four. uh touch points per lead down to four.   uh touch points per lead down to four. Um and then um the the other side of the Um and then um the the other side of the   Um and then um the the other side of the efficiency on on the headcount was a efficiency on on the headcount was a   efficiency on on the headcount was a decision Nick made after we we kind of decision Nick made after we we kind of   decision Nick made after we we kind of had the efficiency numbers. So yeah, had the efficiency numbers. So yeah,   had the efficiency numbers. So yeah, really partner closely with your really partner closely with your   really partner closely with your functional leads. Um there's there's a functional leads. Um there's there's a   functional leads. Um there's there's a lot of um good in letting them lot of um good in letting them   lot of um good in letting them prototype. So get get your functional prototype. So get get your functional   prototype. So get get your functional leaders, you know, a vzero seat. Have leaders, you know, a vzero seat. Have   leaders, you know, a vzero seat. Have them like sit down and think about ideas them like sit down and think about ideas   them like sit down and think about ideas and build stuff themselves. build, go and build stuff themselves. build, go   and build stuff themselves. build, go build, encourage them to build in cloud build, encourage them to build in cloud   build, encourage them to build in cloud code. Like just get your hands dirty and code. Like just get your hands dirty and   code. Like just get your hands dirty and from that you use that to kind of make from that you use that to kind of make   from that you use that to kind of make your case because you need to co-uild is your case because you need to co-uild is   your case because you need to co-uild is is what I'm getting at here. It's like is what I'm getting at here. It's like   is what I'm getting at here. It's like yes, it was Drew's idea, but the reason yes, it was Drew's idea, but the reason   yes, it was Drew's idea, but the reason it worked is because I went to those it worked is because I went to those   it worked is because I went to those people I had relationships with and um people I had relationships with and um   people I had relationships with and um actually ultimately got them to actually ultimately got them to   actually ultimately got them to contribute to the vision as well. contribute to the vision as well.   contribute to the vision as well. &gt;&gt; Love it. Drew, thank you so much for the &gt;&gt; Love it. Drew, thank you so much for the   &gt;&gt; Love it. Drew, thank you so much for the time. Um, congrats on just building an time. Um, congrats on just building an   time. Um, congrats on just building an awesome product and excited to see what awesome product and excited to see what   awesome product and excited to see what other agents you all whip up by in the other agents you all whip up by in the   other agents you all whip up by in the background that are soon to be public. background that are soon to be public.   background that are soon to be public. Uh, this was awesome. Appreciate you and Uh, this was awesome. Appreciate you and   Uh, this was awesome. Appreciate you and the time. the time.   the time. &gt;&gt; Amazing. Yeah, we'll we'll keep open &gt;&gt; Amazing. Yeah, we'll we'll keep open   &gt;&gt; Amazing. Yeah, we'll we'll keep open sourcing stuff. Purscell loves open sourcing stuff. Purscell loves open   sourcing stuff. Purscell loves open source. So, uh, expect more templates. source. So, uh, expect more templates.   source. So, uh, expect more templates. &gt;&gt; Love it, man. Thank you so much for the &gt;&gt; Love it, man. Thank you so much for the   &gt;&gt; Love it, man. Thank you so much for the time and thank you everyone as always time and thank you everyone as always   time and thank you everyone as always for joining.