executives, leaders, founders. How can executives, leaders, founders. How can   executives, leaders, founders. How can you use these tools to actually get your you use these tools to actually get your   you use these tools to actually get your job done better, faster, with less job done better, faster, with less   job done better, faster, with less waste? I don't know if Airbnb is going waste? I don't know if Airbnb is going   waste? I don't know if Airbnb is going to be knocking on my door looking to to be knocking on my door looking to   to be knocking on my door looking to implement this idea. If you have a implement this idea. If you have a   implement this idea. If you have a laptop and an internet connection, laptop and an internet connection,   laptop and an internet connection, you're going to be able to literally you're going to be able to literally   you're going to be able to literally just copy exactly what I'm about to show just copy exactly what I'm about to show   just copy exactly what I'm about to show you. you.   you. &gt;&gt; Is it fair to say that your competition &gt;&gt; Is it fair to say that your competition   &gt;&gt; Is it fair to say that your competition is actually not Vzero? all these is actually not Vzero? all these   is actually not Vzero? all these prototyping tools, but it's actually prototyping tools, but it's actually   prototyping tools, but it's actually [Music] [Music]   [Music] first question that I want to ask Alex first question that I want to ask Alex   first question that I want to ask Alex is what is Bolt and what are you going is what is Bolt and what are you going   is what is Bolt and what are you going to show us today? What can people expect to show us today? What can people expect   to show us today? What can people expect to see by the end of this event? to see by the end of this event?   to see by the end of this event? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Great question. Uh thanks &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Great question. Uh thanks   &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Great question. Uh thanks for having me by the way. Excited to uh for having me by the way. Excited to uh   for having me by the way. Excited to uh meet some of the 10X community here. meet some of the 10X community here.   meet some of the 10X community here. Bolt is a tool that allows you to turn Bolt is a tool that allows you to turn   Bolt is a tool that allows you to turn your ideas into software. your ideas into software.   your ideas into software. And uh some, you know, people might call And uh some, you know, people might call   And uh some, you know, people might call that a vibe coding tool in 2025. I'm not that a vibe coding tool in 2025. I'm not   that a vibe coding tool in 2025. I'm not a big fan of that phrase. I'm trying to a big fan of that phrase. I'm trying to   a big fan of that phrase. I'm trying to popularize the term software composing. popularize the term software composing.   popularize the term software composing. And uh you know, I just I don't want to And uh you know, I just I don't want to   And uh you know, I just I don't want to be a vibe coder. I want to be a software be a vibe coder. I want to be a software   be a vibe coder. I want to be a software composer. And I feel like that better composer. And I feel like that better   composer. And I feel like that better represents what you're really doing represents what you're really doing   represents what you're really doing which is taking different elements uh which is taking different elements uh   which is taking different elements uh you know and working with an AI building you know and working with an AI building   you know and working with an AI building partner to turn those elements into partner to turn those elements into   partner to turn those elements into software. So today uh we are going to software. So today uh we are going to   software. So today uh we are going to show you exactly how to do that show you exactly how to do that   show you exactly how to do that specifically focused on folks that want specifically focused on folks that want   specifically focused on folks that want to use AI at work. So I'm thinking to use AI at work. So I'm thinking   to use AI at work. So I'm thinking product managers, product managers,   product managers, designers, designers,   designers, business people, uh executives, leaders, business people, uh executives, leaders,   business people, uh executives, leaders, founders, founders,   founders, um agency owners, etc. How can you use um agency owners, etc. How can you use   um agency owners, etc. How can you use these tools to actually get your job these tools to actually get your job   these tools to actually get your job done uh better, faster, with less waste done uh better, faster, with less waste   done uh better, faster, with less waste than the current uh approach that most than the current uh approach that most   than the current uh approach that most organizations are taking to creating organizations are taking to creating   organizations are taking to creating software? software?   software? &gt;&gt; You're probably wondering, why is he &gt;&gt; You're probably wondering, why is he   &gt;&gt; You're probably wondering, why is he wearing this hat? I'll tell you why. I'm wearing this hat? I'll tell you why. I'm   wearing this hat? I'll tell you why. I'm in New York City. It's like 30°. I don't in New York City. It's like 30°. I don't   in New York City. It's like 30°. I don't want to freeze my you know what off, but want to freeze my you know what off, but   want to freeze my you know what off, but this isn't about me. It's about you. you this isn't about me. It's about you. you   this isn't about me. It's about you. you have given us your time watching this have given us your time watching this   have given us your time watching this video and we wanted to make it as easy video and we wanted to make it as easy   video and we wanted to make it as easy as possible for you. So, we turned this as possible for you. So, we turned this   as possible for you. So, we turned this whole episode into a playbook on our whole episode into a playbook on our   whole episode into a playbook on our website. Just click on the link in the website. Just click on the link in the   website. Just click on the link in the description and you can get the whole description and you can get the whole   description and you can get the whole playbook with prompts, with steps, all playbook with prompts, with steps, all   playbook with prompts, with steps, all the details you need to apply this to the details you need to apply this to   the details you need to apply this to your work. Check it out. your work. Check it out.   your work. Check it out. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Okay, so you're coining the &gt;&gt; Awesome. Okay, so you're coining the   &gt;&gt; Awesome. Okay, so you're coining the term software or orchestrator, uh, term software or orchestrator, uh,   term software or orchestrator, uh, right? Did I get that right? right? Did I get that right?   right? Did I get that right? &gt;&gt; Composer and I'm not composer. I can't &gt;&gt; Composer and I'm not composer. I can't   &gt;&gt; Composer and I'm not composer. I can't take credit though because I think if if take credit though because I think if if   take credit though because I think if if I have my cultural archaeology correct I have my cultural archaeology correct   I have my cultural archaeology correct here, Riley Brown on YouTube is really here, Riley Brown on YouTube is really   here, Riley Brown on YouTube is really that's where I first saw the term like that's where I first saw the term like   that's where I first saw the term like 12 months ago and and I that one is 12 months ago and and I that one is   12 months ago and and I that one is that's it hasn't stuck uh culturally and that's it hasn't stuck uh culturally and   that's it hasn't stuck uh culturally and mass but but there's some of us out here mass but but there's some of us out here   mass but but there's some of us out here pushing for it to win. pushing for it to win.   pushing for it to win. &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay. Well, we have some more uh &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay. Well, we have some more uh   &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay. Well, we have some more uh recommendations in the chat. We have recommendations in the chat. We have   recommendations in the chat. We have vibe engineering, interactive vibe engineering, interactive   vibe engineering, interactive imagination, imagination,   imagination, uh, creative construction. So just in uh, creative construction. So just in   uh, creative construction. So just in case you need some more ideas, we have a case you need some more ideas, we have a   case you need some more ideas, we have a bunch of, we have a bunch of good ideas bunch of, we have a bunch of good ideas   bunch of, we have a bunch of good ideas in the chat over here. Um, so, so that in the chat over here. Um, so, so that   in the chat over here. Um, so, so that all makes sense. Okay. So, so you all makes sense. Okay. So, so you   all makes sense. Okay. So, so you basically want to walk through how can basically want to walk through how can   basically want to walk through how can you use Bolt at work, whether you're an you use Bolt at work, whether you're an   you use Bolt at work, whether you're an agency owner, a founder, whatever you do agency owner, a founder, whatever you do   agency owner, a founder, whatever you do for work, you want to show people how to for work, you want to show people how to   for work, you want to show people how to use your tool in order to do that. um in use your tool in order to do that. um in   use your tool in order to do that. um in order to superpower in order to give order to superpower in order to give   order to superpower in order to give yourself a superpower if you will, what yourself a superpower if you will, what   yourself a superpower if you will, what are you going to show us today in order are you going to show us today in order   are you going to show us today in order to get us there? to get us there?   to get us there? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. So, &gt;&gt; Absolutely. So,   &gt;&gt; Absolutely. So, if you're a product manager at a at a if you're a product manager at a at a   if you're a product manager at a at a big company, uh you have a couple tough big company, uh you have a couple tough   big company, uh you have a couple tough challenges that you probably have faced challenges that you probably have faced   challenges that you probably have faced as you've had great ideas that you want as you've had great ideas that you want   as you've had great ideas that you want to implement for the product. And we're to implement for the product. And we're   to implement for the product. And we're going to focus on two of those going to focus on two of those   going to focus on two of those specifically today. The first one is how specifically today. The first one is how   specifically today. The first one is how do you get buy in for your idea, right? do you get buy in for your idea, right?   do you get buy in for your idea, right? You may have a bright new idea that you You may have a bright new idea that you   You may have a bright new idea that you want to implement in the product. But in want to implement in the product. But in   want to implement in the product. But in order for that to happen, you've got to order for that to happen, you've got to   order for that to happen, you've got to get leadership to approve. You may need get leadership to approve. You may need   get leadership to approve. You may need design resources to get mock-ups going. design resources to get mock-ups going.   design resources to get mock-ups going. Uh there's a lot of steps and approvals Uh there's a lot of steps and approvals   Uh there's a lot of steps and approvals that you need to do before you can that you need to do before you can   that you need to do before you can actually just you can't just walk over actually just you can't just walk over   actually just you can't just walk over to engineering at a large company and to engineering at a large company and   to engineering at a large company and say, "Hey, I've got a bright idea. You say, "Hey, I've got a bright idea. You   say, "Hey, I've got a bright idea. You want to build it for me?" people have want to build it for me?" people have   want to build it for me?" people have road maps and and limited resources. So road maps and and limited resources. So   road maps and and limited resources. So that's going to be the first topic is that's going to be the first topic is   that's going to be the first topic is like how can you use a tool like Bolt to like how can you use a tool like Bolt to   like how can you use a tool like Bolt to get leadership buyin for the idea that get leadership buyin for the idea that   get leadership buyin for the idea that you want to build? And the second you want to build? And the second   you want to build? And the second question that we're going to answer is question that we're going to answer is   question that we're going to answer is if your organization doesn't have a tool if your organization doesn't have a tool   if your organization doesn't have a tool like Bolt, how do you get approval to like Bolt, how do you get approval to   like Bolt, how do you get approval to bring that tool inhouse? Turns out the bring that tool inhouse? Turns out the   bring that tool inhouse? Turns out the answer to that question is uh largely answer to that question is uh largely   answer to that question is uh largely one and the same. And so we're gonna one and the same. And so we're gonna   one and the same. And so we're gonna start this thing out uh in in classic start this thing out uh in in classic   start this thing out uh in in classic live stream fashion with a demo of of live stream fashion with a demo of of   live stream fashion with a demo of of how to how to use the tool to solve both how to how to use the tool to solve both   how to how to use the tool to solve both of these these problems that you may of these these problems that you may   of these these problems that you may have have at work. have have at work.   have have at work. &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay. So basically the scenario &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay. So basically the scenario   &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay. So basically the scenario you're walking us through is you you're walking us through is you   you're walking us through is you want to get buy in. You're a product want to get buy in. You're a product   want to get buy in. You're a product manager at a company. You want to work manager at a company. You want to work   manager at a company. You want to work on something and you want to get buyin on something and you want to get buyin   on something and you want to get buyin from leadership so that you can then get from leadership so that you can then get   from leadership so that you can then get resources to actually go build it out. resources to actually go build it out.   resources to actually go build it out. And so essentially the example that And so essentially the example that   And so essentially the example that you're going to walk us through is you're going to walk us through is   you're going to walk us through is prototyping. Is that right? prototyping. Is that right?   prototyping. Is that right? &gt;&gt; 100%. Yeah. That that's where that's &gt;&gt; 100%. Yeah. That that's where that's   &gt;&gt; 100%. Yeah. That that's where that's where everything starts. And um so where everything starts. And um so   where everything starts. And um so that's where that's where we're going to that's where that's where we're going to   that's where that's where we're going to begin the the conversation today. begin the the conversation today.   begin the the conversation today. &gt;&gt; Awesome. So before we jump in, what do &gt;&gt; Awesome. So before we jump in, what do   &gt;&gt; Awesome. So before we jump in, what do people need to know? Where do they need people need to know? Where do they need   people need to know? Where do they need to be? What level of expert expertise to be? What level of expert expertise   to be? What level of expert expertise does somebody need to have in order to does somebody need to have in order to   does somebody need to have in order to benefit from what you're about to show benefit from what you're about to show   benefit from what you're about to show us? us?   us? &gt;&gt; I would argue if you have a laptop and &gt;&gt; I would argue if you have a laptop and   &gt;&gt; I would argue if you have a laptop and an internet connection, you're going to an internet connection, you're going to   an internet connection, you're going to be able to literally just copy exactly be able to literally just copy exactly   be able to literally just copy exactly what I'm about to show you. And whether what I'm about to show you. And whether   what I'm about to show you. And whether you know you work at Microsoft, Amazon, you know you work at Microsoft, Amazon,   you know you work at Microsoft, Amazon, Uber, what have you, the same exact Uber, what have you, the same exact   Uber, what have you, the same exact process that we're going to follow right process that we're going to follow right   process that we're going to follow right now will work for you to to build now will work for you to to build   now will work for you to to build prototypes at large organizations. And prototypes at large organizations. And   prototypes at large organizations. And if you work at, you know, like an agency if you work at, you know, like an agency   if you work at, you know, like an agency or you're founding a startup, etc., then or you're founding a startup, etc., then   or you're founding a startup, etc., then your life's even easier because you've your life's even easier because you've   your life's even easier because you've got less like restrictions and got less like restrictions and   got less like restrictions and requirements. So uh certainly you'll be requirements. So uh certainly you'll be   requirements. So uh certainly you'll be able to to also follow this this same able to to also follow this this same   able to to also follow this this same exact approach uh that we're going to do exact approach uh that we're going to do   exact approach uh that we're going to do today. today.   today. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Okay, sounds good. So basically &gt;&gt; Awesome. Okay, sounds good. So basically   &gt;&gt; Awesome. Okay, sounds good. So basically the bar is the floor. We can no matter the bar is the floor. We can no matter   the bar is the floor. We can no matter who you are, you can walk into this and who you are, you can walk into this and   who you are, you can walk into this and you can get the benefits that you're you can get the benefits that you're   you can get the benefits that you're going to walk us through. So what is the going to walk us through. So what is the   going to walk us through. So what is the first step? Lay the background like what first step? Lay the background like what   first step? Lay the background like what what is the scenario and what is the what is the scenario and what is the   what is the scenario and what is the first step? first step?   first step? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. So let's see if I can share &gt;&gt; Absolutely. So let's see if I can share   &gt;&gt; Absolutely. So let's see if I can share my screen here. So first step, you need my screen here. So first step, you need   my screen here. So first step, you need to have an idea. Okay? Uh you need to to have an idea. Okay? Uh you need to   to have an idea. Okay? Uh you need to have an idea. Uh you're you're a product have an idea. Uh you're you're a product   have an idea. Uh you're you're a product manager, you're a designer, you're an manager, you're a designer, you're an   manager, you're a designer, you're an entrepreneurial person. I think you've entrepreneurial person. I think you've   entrepreneurial person. I think you've got an idea. So we'll we'll take that got an idea. So we'll we'll take that   got an idea. So we'll we'll take that today. The idea that I'm going to run today. The idea that I'm going to run   today. The idea that I'm going to run with is uh I'm going to basically act with is uh I'm going to basically act   with is uh I'm going to basically act like I'm a product manager at Airbnb like I'm a product manager at Airbnb   like I'm a product manager at Airbnb because I've got a personal uh feature because I've got a personal uh feature   because I've got a personal uh feature that I would like to see added in that I would like to see added in   that I would like to see added in Airbnb. Uh I do real estate is uh one of Airbnb. Uh I do real estate is uh one of   Airbnb. Uh I do real estate is uh one of my side hustles and I rent out furnished my side hustles and I rent out furnished   my side hustles and I rent out furnished properties. So um we're in my actual properties. So um we're in my actual   properties. So um we're in my actual hosting account here. So hopefully I hosting account here. So hopefully I   hosting account here. So hopefully I don't uh expose anything too uh too don't uh expose anything too uh too   don't uh expose anything too uh too sensitive. So this is uh I'm going to sensitive. So this is uh I'm going to   sensitive. So this is uh I'm going to walk you through kind of the problem and walk you through kind of the problem and   walk you through kind of the problem and the idea. Okay. So, with this property the idea. Okay. So, with this property   the idea. Okay. So, with this property that I have, I rent it out for 30 days that I have, I rent it out for 30 days   that I have, I rent it out for 30 days or more. And so, I'll demonstrate what or more. And so, I'll demonstrate what   or more. And so, I'll demonstrate what this looks like. So, if I select, let's this looks like. So, if I select, let's   this looks like. So, if I select, let's go with 2 months here. Um, so I want to go with 2 months here. Um, so I want to   go with 2 months here. Um, so I want to rent the property out. There's this rent the property out. There's this   rent the property out. There's this modal in Airbnb that I want to change. modal in Airbnb that I want to change.   modal in Airbnb that I want to change. Okay. So it's this price breakdown modal Okay. So it's this price breakdown modal   Okay. So it's this price breakdown modal for a for a theoretical reservation. So for a for a theoretical reservation. So   for a for a theoretical reservation. So this would be a 61 night reservation. this would be a 61 night reservation.   this would be a 61 night reservation. Uh and as we can see uh it's it breaks Uh and as we can see uh it's it breaks   Uh and as we can see uh it's it breaks out.       Let's see. Let's see.   Let's see. Am I still coming through here? Okay, Am I still coming through here? Okay,   Am I still coming through here? Okay, perfect. Um, so this modal breaks out perfect. Um, so this modal breaks out   perfect. Um, so this modal breaks out taxes, but g because I rent this taxes, but g because I rent this   taxes, but g because I rent this property for longer than 30 days, these property for longer than 30 days, these   property for longer than 30 days, these uh taxes are not it's collecting some uh taxes are not it's collecting some   uh taxes are not it's collecting some taxes that I really don't want it to be taxes that I really don't want it to be   taxes that I really don't want it to be collecting that uh if I was renting it collecting that uh if I was renting it   collecting that uh if I was renting it out three nights at a time, there's out three nights at a time, there's   out three nights at a time, there's these local short-term rental taxes, these local short-term rental taxes,   these local short-term rental taxes, blah blah blah, you know, that I that I blah blah blah, you know, that I that I   blah blah blah, you know, that I that I really don't need to pay because I'm really don't need to pay because I'm   really don't need to pay because I'm doing these long-term rentals. But doing these long-term rentals. But   doing these long-term rentals. But there's no way for me to change this. there's no way for me to change this.   there's no way for me to change this. So, I'm now putting myself in the shoes So, I'm now putting myself in the shoes   So, I'm now putting myself in the shoes of I'm a product manager at Airbnb. I've of I'm a product manager at Airbnb. I've   of I'm a product manager at Airbnb. I've recognized this issue and I want to recognized this issue and I want to   recognized this issue and I want to build a prototype to demonstrate what it build a prototype to demonstrate what it   build a prototype to demonstrate what it would look like to solve this for our would look like to solve this for our   would look like to solve this for our users. So, does that make sense, Arman? users. So, does that make sense, Arman?   users. So, does that make sense, Arman? Is kind of like the setup here? Is kind of like the setup here?   Is kind of like the setup here? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, wait, just so I understand, &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, wait, just so I understand,   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, wait, just so I understand, basically, you have all these properties basically, you have all these properties   basically, you have all these properties and when you go to Airbnb, you can rent and when you go to Airbnb, you can rent   and when you go to Airbnb, you can rent them out for short term short-term like them out for short term short-term like   them out for short term short-term like one, two, three days, whatever. Um, and one, two, three days, whatever. Um, and   one, two, three days, whatever. Um, and if that's the case, there are certain if that's the case, there are certain   if that's the case, there are certain taxes applicable. Then if you do longer taxes applicable. Then if you do longer   taxes applicable. Then if you do longer than 30 days or whatever threshold, then than 30 days or whatever threshold, then   than 30 days or whatever threshold, then then the government or IRS or whatever then the government or IRS or whatever   then the government or IRS or whatever like like bucket or local taxes I like like bucket or local taxes I   like like bucket or local taxes I &gt;&gt; local. &gt;&gt; local.   &gt;&gt; local. &gt;&gt; So local uh tax uh taxes would bucket &gt;&gt; So local uh tax uh taxes would bucket   &gt;&gt; So local uh tax uh taxes would bucket this transaction not as short-term, this transaction not as short-term,   this transaction not as short-term, which would lower or maybe just change which would lower or maybe just change   which would lower or maybe just change your tax liability. Yep. your tax liability. Yep.   your tax liability. Yep. &gt;&gt; Um, and so you're basically proposing &gt;&gt; Um, and so you're basically proposing   &gt;&gt; Um, and so you're basically proposing that Airbnb ship a feature that that Airbnb ship a feature that   that Airbnb ship a feature that understands all these different taxes understands all these different taxes   understands all these different taxes granularly and has just like rules that granularly and has just like rules that   granularly and has just like rules that that encapsulate those and make sure that encapsulate those and make sure   that encapsulate those and make sure that the taxes are accurate. Is that that the taxes are accurate. Is that   that the taxes are accurate. Is that right? right?   right? &gt;&gt; In this case, we're just going to put &gt;&gt; In this case, we're just going to put   &gt;&gt; In this case, we're just going to put the power in the hands of the host. the power in the hands of the host.   the power in the hands of the host. Right. If I was a PM at Airbnb, I'd Right. If I was a PM at Airbnb, I'd   Right. If I was a PM at Airbnb, I'd probably go with what you're describing. probably go with what you're describing.   probably go with what you're describing. Okay. Little stay. But what I actually Okay. Little stay. But what I actually   Okay. Little stay. But what I actually want to do is be able to just uh edit it want to do is be able to just uh edit it   want to do is be able to just uh edit it myself. You know, I as the host, I want myself. You know, I as the host, I want   myself. You know, I as the host, I want to decide which taxes I'm liable for. I to decide which taxes I'm liable for. I   to decide which taxes I'm liable for. I have an easy way to collect those. have an easy way to collect those.   have an easy way to collect those. &gt;&gt; So, it's a good demo. &gt;&gt; So, it's a good demo.   &gt;&gt; So, it's a good demo. &gt;&gt; So, you can like decide your &gt;&gt; So, you can like decide your   &gt;&gt; So, you can like decide your withholdings. You don't need to withhold withholdings. You don't need to withhold   withholdings. You don't need to withhold anything. I see. anything. I see.   anything. I see. &gt;&gt; And because these are actually being &gt;&gt; And because these are actually being   &gt;&gt; And because these are actually being charged to the guest, you know, it charged to the guest, you know, it   charged to the guest, you know, it affects like the total price of the affects like the total price of the   affects like the total price of the listing, etc. And Daniel in the chat listing, etc. And Daniel in the chat   listing, etc. And Daniel in the chat says this this is either a horrible idea says this this is either a horrible idea   says this this is either a horrible idea or a brilliant one. Oh, that's he's or a brilliant one. Oh, that's he's   or a brilliant one. Oh, that's he's talking about his idea, but that talking about his idea, but that   talking about his idea, but that completely applies to my idea here, too. completely applies to my idea here, too.   completely applies to my idea here, too. I'm like, you know, I don't know if I'm like, you know, I don't know if   I'm like, you know, I don't know if Airbnb is going to be knocking on my Airbnb is going to be knocking on my   Airbnb is going to be knocking on my door looking to implement this idea, but door looking to implement this idea, but   door looking to implement this idea, but nonetheless, it's the one that I thought nonetheless, it's the one that I thought   nonetheless, it's the one that I thought of. So, now you're we're sitting here of. So, now you're we're sitting here   of. So, now you're we're sitting here and let's let's get this, you know, a and let's let's get this, you know, a   and let's let's get this, you know, a demo, a prototype built to this. So, demo, a prototype built to this. So,   demo, a prototype built to this. So, we're on the actual Airbnb site here. we're on the actual Airbnb site here.   we're on the actual Airbnb site here. So, uh, the first thing I'm going to do, So, uh, the first thing I'm going to do,   So, uh, the first thing I'm going to do, I'm just going to take a screenshot of I'm just going to take a screenshot of   I'm just going to take a screenshot of this modal. That's, uh, not all that this modal. That's, uh, not all that   this modal. That's, uh, not all that exciting, but it's a good start. And exciting, but it's a good start. And   exciting, but it's a good start. And we're going to go we're going to go   we're going to go &gt;&gt; Did you take a screenshot of the entire &gt;&gt; Did you take a screenshot of the entire   &gt;&gt; Did you take a screenshot of the entire screen or just the screen or just the   screen or just the &gt;&gt; I did just the modal. And so, you can &gt;&gt; I did just the modal. And so, you can   &gt;&gt; I did just the modal. And so, you can actually see that screenshot here that actually see that screenshot here that   actually see that screenshot here that I've got pasted into bowl. And then okay I've got pasted into bowl. And then okay   I've got pasted into bowl. And then okay that's a start but that is uh not nearly that's a start but that is uh not nearly   that's a start but that is uh not nearly enough in my view and this is this I enough in my view and this is this I   enough in my view and this is this I don't think I've seen anybody else don't think I've seen anybody else   don't think I've seen anybody else talking about this but this is the next talking about this but this is the next   talking about this but this is the next step so screenshots great to capture step so screenshots great to capture   step so screenshots great to capture styles but we have access to the code styles but we have access to the code   styles but we have access to the code here right so if you just rightclick on here right so if you just rightclick on   here right so if you just rightclick on the modal and hit inspect this is going the modal and hit inspect this is going   the modal and hit inspect this is going to open up uh Chrome dev tools and this to open up uh Chrome dev tools and this   to open up uh Chrome dev tools and this might look pretty intimidating but trust might look pretty intimidating but trust   might look pretty intimidating but trust me you do not have to have any idea me you do not have to have any idea   me you do not have to have any idea what's going on here? So, if you just what's going on here? So, if you just   what's going on here? So, if you just right click and hit inspect, you can right click and hit inspect, you can   right click and hit inspect, you can actually see that it's highlighted the actually see that it's highlighted the   actually see that it's highlighted the particular part of the code that builds particular part of the code that builds   particular part of the code that builds that modal. And you know, as we're that modal. And you know, as we're   that modal. And you know, as we're hovering over the code, you can see it hovering over the code, you can see it   hovering over the code, you can see it actually highlights the modal. So, you actually highlights the modal. So, you   actually highlights the modal. So, you know, you're in the right place. I know know, you're in the right place. I know   know, you're in the right place. I know this is looking a little developery. I this is looking a little developery. I   this is looking a little developery. I don't want to scare anybody, but look, don't want to scare anybody, but look,   don't want to scare anybody, but look, we're going to rightclick we're going to rightclick   we're going to rightclick and we're going to press copy element. and we're going to press copy element.   and we're going to press copy element. Okay, this is real hacker developer Okay, this is real hacker developer   Okay, this is real hacker developer stuff, right? So then what that does is stuff, right? So then what that does is   stuff, right? So then what that does is it just copies the actual code um that it just copies the actual code um that   it just copies the actual code um that builds that out. builds that out.   builds that out. &gt;&gt; That's actually this is super &gt;&gt; That's actually this is super   &gt;&gt; That's actually this is super interesting. I wonder, have you guys interesting. I wonder, have you guys   interesting. I wonder, have you guys ever thought about building a and maybe ever thought about building a and maybe   ever thought about building a and maybe you already have this actually like a a you already have this actually like a a   you already have this actually like a a Chrome plugin where you could have like Chrome plugin where you could have like   Chrome plugin where you could have like a bolt Chrome plugin you could just a bolt Chrome plugin you could just   a bolt Chrome plugin you could just select an element so that it select an element so that it   select an element so that it automatically copies it to your automatically copies it to your   automatically copies it to your &gt;&gt; So we uh coming soon unreleased feature &gt;&gt; So we uh coming soon unreleased feature   &gt;&gt; So we uh coming soon unreleased feature we're going to have the ability to take we're going to have the ability to take   we're going to have the ability to take elements or just clone entire pages in elements or just clone entire pages in   elements or just clone entire pages in so that you can you can prototype off so that you can you can prototype off   so that you can you can prototype off them. Now here's the thing. If you are a them. Now here's the thing. If you are a   them. Now here's the thing. If you are a bit technical and you do work at a big bit technical and you do work at a big   bit technical and you do work at a big company, you're probably thinking like, company, you're probably thinking like,   company, you're probably thinking like, okay, fine, but like cloning it, like okay, fine, but like cloning it, like   okay, fine, but like cloning it, like that's not really going to be using like that's not really going to be using like   that's not really going to be using like our enterprise design system. It's sort our enterprise design system. It's sort   our enterprise design system. It's sort of a, you know, a close likeness of it, of a, you know, a close likeness of it,   of a, you know, a close likeness of it, but we're not really going to be able to but we're not really going to be able to   but we're not really going to be able to reuse that code, etc., etc. More on that reuse that code, etc., etc. More on that   reuse that code, etc., etc. More on that to come. Um, but right right now, you're to come. Um, but right right now, you're   to come. Um, but right right now, you're just a PM trying to get approval for just a PM trying to get approval for   just a PM trying to get approval for these AI tools. So you don't have all these AI tools. So you don't have all   these AI tools. So you don't have all the internal engineering support and you the internal engineering support and you   the internal engineering support and you need to get a prototype out the door to need to get a prototype out the door to   need to get a prototype out the door to build internal consensus and we'll worry build internal consensus and we'll worry   build internal consensus and we'll worry about code reusability later. So we've about code reusability later. So we've   about code reusability later. So we've now got a screenshot. We've now got the now got a screenshot. We've now got the   now got a screenshot. We've now got the code. The third step is we're going to code. The third step is we're going to   code. The third step is we're going to rightclick on the code again and this rightclick on the code again and this   rightclick on the code again and this time we're going to copy the styles um time we're going to copy the styles um   time we're going to copy the styles um instead of uh just the actual code. So, instead of uh just the actual code. So,   instead of uh just the actual code. So, you know, we could have a lecture about you know, we could have a lecture about   you know, we could have a lecture about styles if we wanted, but this is not a styles if we wanted, but this is not a   styles if we wanted, but this is not a how to be a developer. This is how to how to be a developer. This is how to   how to be a developer. This is how to not be a developer and still build not be a developer and still build   not be a developer and still build highquality prototypes with Bolt. So, highquality prototypes with Bolt. So,   highquality prototypes with Bolt. So, we're just going to go ahead and paste we're just going to go ahead and paste   we're just going to go ahead and paste in the styles. Now, uh now we need to in the styles. Now, uh now we need to   in the styles. Now, uh now we need to give Bolt a prompt. So, I already wrote give Bolt a prompt. So, I already wrote   give Bolt a prompt. So, I already wrote out my prompts here so that you don't out my prompts here so that you don't   out my prompts here so that you don't have to watch me type some boring have to watch me type some boring   have to watch me type some boring prompts. So what this prompt says is I prompts. So what this prompt says is I   prompts. So what this prompt says is I pasted a screenshot of the Airbnb modal pasted a screenshot of the Airbnb modal   pasted a screenshot of the Airbnb modal um and the code from Chrome dev tools as um and the code from Chrome dev tools as   um and the code from Chrome dev tools as well as the entire CSS that's styles for well as the entire CSS that's styles for   well as the entire CSS that's styles for the uh non-developers uh below that and the uh non-developers uh below that and   the uh non-developers uh below that and then basically we're just asking bold to then basically we're just asking bold to   then basically we're just asking bold to create an accurate template that shows create an accurate template that shows   create an accurate template that shows the modal same font same styles and the modal same font same styles and   the modal same font same styles and we're just letting it know don't worry we're just letting it know don't worry   we're just letting it know don't worry about backend or any of that cuz we're about backend or any of that cuz we're   about backend or any of that cuz we're just prototyping and we need a very just prototyping and we need a very   just prototyping and we need a very clean template because we want to be clean template because we want to be   clean template because we want to be able to build on top of this. So that is able to build on top of this. So that is   able to build on top of this. So that is uh that is where we are at now. We're uh that is where we are at now. We're   uh that is where we are at now. We're &gt;&gt; Are there any are there any like secrets &gt;&gt; Are there any are there any like secrets   &gt;&gt; Are there any are there any like secrets to prompting on Bolt? to prompting on Bolt?   to prompting on Bolt? &gt;&gt; Yes. Um so there absolutely is. Uh I &gt;&gt; Yes. Um so there absolutely is. Uh I   &gt;&gt; Yes. Um so there absolutely is. Uh I have a lot of a lot of thoughts on have a lot of a lot of thoughts on   have a lot of a lot of thoughts on prompting prompting   prompting the at a high level, right? The way that the at a high level, right? The way that   the at a high level, right? The way that you should think about prompting is you you should think about prompting is you   you should think about prompting is you want to give as specific guidance as want to give as specific guidance as   want to give as specific guidance as possible possible   possible um like you're talking to a developer, um like you're talking to a developer,   um like you're talking to a developer, right? Or like you're sending a Slack right? Or like you're sending a Slack   right? Or like you're sending a Slack message to a developer. If you think message to a developer. If you think   message to a developer. If you think about what is the maximally specific way about what is the maximally specific way   about what is the maximally specific way to describe some code that you would to describe some code that you would   to describe some code that you would like to have built, it would be the code like to have built, it would be the code   like to have built, it would be the code itself. Right? So if you actually have a itself. Right? So if you actually have a   itself. Right? So if you actually have a code representation of what you want code representation of what you want   code representation of what you want that then you could send that to a that then you could send that to a   that then you could send that to a developer. They'd paste in the codebase. developer. They'd paste in the codebase.   developer. They'd paste in the codebase. Of course we can't do that. Otherwise Of course we can't do that. Otherwise   Of course we can't do that. Otherwise why would we be you know you would just why would we be you know you would just   why would we be you know you would just write the code yourself. But how write the code yourself. But how   write the code yourself. But how specific can you be is really the specific can you be is really the   specific can you be is really the question. So I think it's really question. So I think it's really   question. So I think it's really important to think think through and important to think think through and   important to think think through and learn topics that allow you to have the learn topics that allow you to have the   learn topics that allow you to have the language language   language to very specifically describe digital to very specifically describe digital   to very specifically describe digital products. So in the design world for products. So in the design world for   products. So in the design world for example, if you want the user interface example, if you want the user interface   example, if you want the user interface to look exactly like you want, it's not to look exactly like you want, it's not   to look exactly like you want, it's not really like that hard. But if you know a really like that hard. But if you know a   really like that hard. But if you know a few words like padding, margin, font few words like padding, margin, font   few words like padding, margin, font weight, right, alignment, weight, right, alignment,   weight, right, alignment, uh, hero section, just the kind of the uh, hero section, just the kind of the   uh, hero section, just the kind of the the language of design, you're going to the language of design, you're going to   the language of design, you're going to get incredibly better results than if get incredibly better results than if   get incredibly better results than if you're just kind of talking like more you're just kind of talking like more   you're just kind of talking like more casually like you would to a friend. So, casually like you would to a friend. So,   casually like you would to a friend. So, um, I think that would be just be my um, I think that would be just be my   um, I think that would be just be my first tip is learn the language of first tip is learn the language of   first tip is learn the language of digital products. It's never been easier digital products. It's never been easier   digital products. It's never been easier to do that because you can just fire up to do that because you can just fire up   to do that because you can just fire up your favorite chat AI project uh you your favorite chat AI project uh you   your favorite chat AI project uh you know product and have conversations all know product and have conversations all   know product and have conversations all day about just teach me the language of day about just teach me the language of   day about just teach me the language of of design of product management of of design of product management of   of design of product management of software development. software development.   software development. &gt;&gt; Totally. It's interesting. This reminds &gt;&gt; Totally. It's interesting. This reminds   &gt;&gt; Totally. It's interesting. This reminds me of a story that I uh from from like me of a story that I uh from from like   me of a story that I uh from from like two days ago where there was this client two days ago where there was this client   two days ago where there was this client that we have that is deep in CPG. that we have that is deep in CPG.   that we have that is deep in CPG. this person's a CPG veteran and they this person's a CPG veteran and they   this person's a CPG veteran and they sent me a white paper for this project sent me a white paper for this project   sent me a white paper for this project that they're working on, that they're working on,   that they're working on, &gt;&gt; but it was deeply &gt;&gt; but it was deeply   &gt;&gt; but it was deeply technical from a CPG perspective. So, it technical from a CPG perspective. So, it   technical from a CPG perspective. So, it used a bunch of CPG jargon. It used a used a bunch of CPG jargon. It used a   used a bunch of CPG jargon. It used a bunch of um industry industry verbiage bunch of um industry industry verbiage   bunch of um industry industry verbiage and stuff like that that frankly I just and stuff like that that frankly I just   and stuff like that that frankly I just did not understand. did not understand.   did not understand. &gt;&gt; And so, I literally just took the exact &gt;&gt; And so, I literally just took the exact   &gt;&gt; And so, I literally just took the exact that white paper, I put it in chatbt and that white paper, I put it in chatbt and   that white paper, I put it in chatbt and I said, "Hey, chat GPT, can you rewrite I said, "Hey, chat GPT, can you rewrite   I said, "Hey, chat GPT, can you rewrite this entire document for me?" but I this entire document for me?" but I   this entire document for me?" but I don't know anything about CPG. So just don't know anything about CPG. So just   don't know anything about CPG. So just rewrite the entire doc for me and like rewrite the entire doc for me and like   rewrite the entire doc for me and like someone who does not know what these someone who does not know what these   someone who does not know what these words mean. And it was incredible. So I words mean. And it was incredible. So I   words mean. And it was incredible. So I almost think like the opposite could almost think like the opposite could   almost think like the opposite could also be true, right? Like you imagine also be true, right? Like you imagine   also be true, right? Like you imagine you want to build some project and you you want to build some project and you   you want to build some project and you just use like normal lingo and you ask just use like normal lingo and you ask   just use like normal lingo and you ask chate BT or claude or whatever to turn chate BT or claude or whatever to turn   chate BT or claude or whatever to turn it into deeply technical design language it into deeply technical design language   it into deeply technical design language and see I I wonder which one would and see I I wonder which one would   and see I I wonder which one would perform better in bolt. perform better in bolt.   perform better in bolt. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I mean I I that would be a &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I mean I I that would be a   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I mean I I that would be a great test. It would also be a great great test. It would also be a great   great test. It would also be a great learning opportunity because it gives learning opportunity because it gives   learning opportunity because it gives you the opportunity to clear between the you the opportunity to clear between the   you the opportunity to clear between the two documents. one highly technical one two documents. one highly technical one   two documents. one highly technical one in your language and that's a great way in your language and that's a great way   in your language and that's a great way to to upskill yourself. Um, so yeah, I to to upskill yourself. Um, so yeah, I   to to upskill yourself. Um, so yeah, I mean I think that that that's an mean I think that that that's an   mean I think that that that's an exercise that folks should absolutely do exercise that folks should absolutely do   exercise that folks should absolutely do and go the other direction, right? Write and go the other direction, right? Write   and go the other direction, right? Write something out the way you would write it something out the way you would write it   something out the way you would write it out and then ask either planning mode in out and then ask either planning mode in   out and then ask either planning mode in bolt or you know your your favorite chat bolt or you know your your favorite chat   bolt or you know your your favorite chat tool to to create more specificity and tool to to create more specificity and   tool to to create more specificity and and convert it into Yeah. design, and convert it into Yeah. design,   and convert it into Yeah. design, product management, engineering type product management, engineering type   product management, engineering type language. And uh it's it's just such a language. And uh it's it's just such a   language. And uh it's it's just such a great great way to learn those words and great great way to learn those words and   great great way to learn those words and phrases. You don't have to do what I did phrases. You don't have to do what I did   phrases. You don't have to do what I did when I got my first job uh which was when I got my first job uh which was   when I got my first job uh which was secretly keep a list of all the acronyms secretly keep a list of all the acronyms   secretly keep a list of all the acronyms and words and phrases that I didn't and words and phrases that I didn't   and words and phrases that I didn't understand and then, you know, ask a few understand and then, you know, ask a few   understand and then, you know, ask a few here, a few there to different here, a few there to different   here, a few there to different colleagues over my first months on the colleagues over my first months on the   colleagues over my first months on the job, you know. job, you know.   job, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. We have that colleague in &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. We have that colleague in   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. We have that colleague in our pocket 247 now. Um Okay, cool. So, our pocket 247 now. Um Okay, cool. So,   our pocket 247 now. Um Okay, cool. So, so, uh, let's go back to to the project so, uh, let's go back to to the project   so, uh, let's go back to to the project we're working on. We're trying to, like, we're working on. We're trying to, like,   we're working on. We're trying to, like, you are a PM at at Airbnb in this you are a PM at at Airbnb in this   you are a PM at at Airbnb in this scenario. You want to allow scenario. You want to allow   scenario. You want to allow the Airbnb hosts to determine their own the Airbnb hosts to determine their own   the Airbnb hosts to determine their own tax withholdings as opposed to having it tax withholdings as opposed to having it   tax withholdings as opposed to having it be automatically calculated. Um, so be automatically calculated. Um, so   be automatically calculated. Um, so let's see where it's at. You you let's see where it's at. You you   let's see where it's at. You you prompted the uh you prompted Bolt in uh prompted the uh you prompted Bolt in uh   prompted the uh you prompted Bolt in uh to to get it to build everything. So, to to get it to build everything. So,   to to get it to build everything. So, let's see where it's at. let's see where it's at.   let's see where it's at. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Okay. So, let me share my &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Okay. So, let me share my   &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Okay. So, let me share my screen again here. So, our prompt has screen again here. So, our prompt has   screen again here. So, our prompt has completed. completed.   completed. And And   And &gt;&gt; I can't see your screen, by the way. &gt;&gt; I can't see your screen, by the way.   &gt;&gt; I can't see your screen, by the way. &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. I chose to reload this &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. I chose to reload this   &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. I chose to reload this page for no particular reason. page for no particular reason.   page for no particular reason. Let's see here. Let's see here.   Let's see here. Uh, so the preview is loading back up, Uh, so the preview is loading back up,   Uh, so the preview is loading back up, but as we can see, it Bolt made this but as we can see, it Bolt made this   but as we can see, it Bolt made this plan and it's uh it's all good. It even plan and it's uh it's all good. It even   plan and it's uh it's all good. It even wrote us a readme. So we can actually wrote us a readme. So we can actually   wrote us a readme. So we can actually open this readme and it's uh kind of open this readme and it's uh kind of   open this readme and it's uh kind of describes the purpose of the of the describes the purpose of the of the   describes the purpose of the of the project, key features, etc. Um so that's project, key features, etc. Um so that's   project, key features, etc. Um so that's a nice little uh capability it has. a nice little uh capability it has.   a nice little uh capability it has. Other thing that I would point out here Other thing that I would point out here   Other thing that I would point out here since we were talking about like since we were talking about like   since we were talking about like planning and chat and everything this planning and chat and everything this   planning and chat and everything this plan mode in bolt is how you can have plan mode in bolt is how you can have   plan mode in bolt is how you can have discussions with bolt where it has the discussions with bolt where it has the   discussions with bolt where it has the context awareness of your codebase uh context awareness of your codebase uh   context awareness of your codebase uh but it it's not going to go and write but it it's not going to go and write   but it it's not going to go and write any code. So that's great for these any code. So that's great for these   any code. So that's great for these learning testing planning uh kind of learning testing planning uh kind of   learning testing planning uh kind of scoping conversations. So, okay. So, now scoping conversations. So, okay. So, now   scoping conversations. So, okay. So, now we have our modal here. And, uh, we can we have our modal here. And, uh, we can   we have our modal here. And, uh, we can see here, it's it's not 100% perfect see here, it's it's not 100% perfect   see here, it's it's not 100% perfect style-wise, but it's very very close, as style-wise, but it's very very close, as   style-wise, but it's very very close, as we can see here, uh, with the original we can see here, uh, with the original   we can see here, uh, with the original modal. The one thing I'm not liking is modal. The one thing I'm not liking is   modal. The one thing I'm not liking is this button. So, going to just use this this button. So, going to just use this   this button. So, going to just use this as the opportunity to demonstrate some as the opportunity to demonstrate some   as the opportunity to demonstrate some other capabilities here. So we have this other capabilities here. So we have this   other capabilities here. So we have this visual selector. So you can grab visual selector. So you can grab   visual selector. So you can grab elements on the page here and you can elements on the page here and you can   elements on the page here and you can say uh this doesn't exactly uh match the say uh this doesn't exactly uh match the   say uh this doesn't exactly uh match the original original   original design. design.   design. Should be more rounded corners. Should be more rounded corners.   Should be more rounded corners. And then uh just for good measure, I'm And then uh just for good measure, I'm   And then uh just for good measure, I'm just going to put a screenshot of this just going to put a screenshot of this   just going to put a screenshot of this exact button in in case it forgot. Um exact button in in case it forgot. Um   exact button in in case it forgot. Um it's kind of interesting because there's it's kind of interesting because there's   it's kind of interesting because there's there's just like a there's just like a   there's just like a aspect of randomness to how these tools aspect of randomness to how these tools   aspect of randomness to how these tools work as well since AI is work as well since AI is   work as well since AI is non-deterministic. non-deterministic.   non-deterministic. Um, I tested out these prompts, you Um, I tested out these prompts, you   Um, I tested out these prompts, you know, before the the live stream and it know, before the the live stream and it   know, before the the live stream and it was just like perfect design and then, was just like perfect design and then,   was just like perfect design and then, you know, the next time it comes back you know, the next time it comes back   you know, the next time it comes back looking not as good. The the important looking not as good. The the important   looking not as good. The the important thing to think about there if you're new thing to think about there if you're new   thing to think about there if you're new to using these kind of tools is, okay, to using these kind of tools is, okay,   to using these kind of tools is, okay, this is a minor little thing, so I'm this is a minor little thing, so I'm   this is a minor little thing, so I'm just going to fix it. But if you're just going to fix it. But if you're   just going to fix it. But if you're working on something really complicated working on something really complicated   working on something really complicated and it's you're just like, what? That and it's you're just like, what? That   and it's you're just like, what? That didn't work very well. often times the didn't work very well. often times the   didn't work very well. often times the right answer is just to start over. Just right answer is just to start over. Just   right answer is just to start over. Just try the you're on your first prompt. try the you're on your first prompt.   try the you're on your first prompt. Like don't go wrestle with it trying to Like don't go wrestle with it trying to   Like don't go wrestle with it trying to fix it. Just it it probably just fix it. Just it it probably just   fix it. Just it it probably just stuttered, you know, due to the the stuttered, you know, due to the the   stuttered, you know, due to the the non-deterministic nature of the model. non-deterministic nature of the model.   non-deterministic nature of the model. So just put your first prompt stuff in So just put your first prompt stuff in   So just put your first prompt stuff in ahead, you know, again into a new one ahead, you know, again into a new one   ahead, you know, again into a new one and you you're very likely to get a and you you're very likely to get a   and you you're very likely to get a better result or in this case a worse better result or in this case a worse   better result or in this case a worse result, but a good opportunity to result, but a good opportunity to   result, but a good opportunity to demonstrate how you can kind of tweak uh demonstrate how you can kind of tweak uh   demonstrate how you can kind of tweak uh aspects of the design once it's spilled. aspects of the design once it's spilled.   aspects of the design once it's spilled. &gt;&gt; Totally. &gt;&gt; Totally.   &gt;&gt; Totally. Well, this is actually like this is Well, this is actually like this is   Well, this is actually like this is something that AI labs do behind the something that AI labs do behind the   something that AI labs do behind the scenes in order to bolster their the scenes in order to bolster their the   scenes in order to bolster their the like like their numbers if you will. So like like their numbers if you will. So   like like their numbers if you will. So like it's called consensus. Uh and so like it's called consensus. Uh and so   like it's called consensus. Uh and so you can do like con 6, con 7, con 62, you can do like con 6, con 7, con 62,   you can do like con 6, con 7, con 62, whatever. Like you can have uh you can whatever. Like you can have uh you can   whatever. Like you can have uh you can get consensus on as many runs as you get consensus on as many runs as you   get consensus on as many runs as you want. But like if you look at graphs want. But like if you look at graphs   want. But like if you look at graphs like I'll never forget Grock 3 when it like I'll never forget Grock 3 when it   like I'll never forget Grock 3 when it came out um that model it had a blue came out um that model it had a blue   came out um that model it had a blue like it had like a bar chart and all of like it had like a bar chart and all of   like it had like a bar chart and all of the Grock bars were blue and it said the Grock bars were blue and it said   the Grock bars were blue and it said that oh Grock is better than every other that oh Grock is better than every other   that oh Grock is better than every other model in the world but the blue was two model in the world but the blue was two   model in the world but the blue was two different shades of blue. The bottom bar different shades of blue. The bottom bar   different shades of blue. The bottom bar was darker and the top bar was lighter was darker and the top bar was lighter   was darker and the top bar was lighter and the top bar like the bottom bar was and the top bar like the bottom bar was   and the top bar like the bottom bar was basically aligned with every other model basically aligned with every other model   basically aligned with every other model uh every other state-of-the-art model in uh every other state-of-the-art model in   uh every other state-of-the-art model in the in the world. But the light blue bar the in the world. But the light blue bar   the in the world. But the light blue bar was like 20% better on every single uh was like 20% better on every single uh   was like 20% better on every single uh every single metric. That light blue every single metric. That light blue   every single metric. That light blue bar, the difference was that it did bar, the difference was that it did   bar, the difference was that it did consensus. Basically, it ran the exact consensus. Basically, it ran the exact   consensus. Basically, it ran the exact same model on the exact same prompt 60 same model on the exact same prompt 60   same model on the exact same prompt 60 plus times and then they just take the plus times and then they just take the   plus times and then they just take the best like like it it chooses its own um best like like it it chooses its own um   best like like it it chooses its own um best solution or like the consensus best solution or like the consensus   best solution or like the consensus solution. So behind the scenes the the solution. So behind the scenes the the   solution. So behind the scenes the the the labs are doing this anyway. So I the labs are doing this anyway. So I   the labs are doing this anyway. So I totally agree like if you're running it totally agree like if you're running it   totally agree like if you're running it once it doesn't work run it again run it once it doesn't work run it again run it   once it doesn't work run it again run it again run it again like like that alone again run it again like like that alone   again run it again like like that alone might make it good and if you improve might make it good and if you improve   might make it good and if you improve the if you improve the prompt that can the if you improve the prompt that can   the if you improve the prompt that can make it better I absolutely think that make it better I absolutely think that   make it better I absolutely think that this is iterative this is iterative   this is iterative &gt;&gt; and already this looks much better. &gt;&gt; and already this looks much better.   &gt;&gt; and already this looks much better. Yeah, that's uh I I didn't I hadn't seen Yeah, that's uh I I didn't I hadn't seen   Yeah, that's uh I I didn't I hadn't seen that report that you're talking about, that report that you're talking about,   that report that you're talking about, but that does not surprise me at all. but that does not surprise me at all.   but that does not surprise me at all. And I'm I'm glad to hear that there's And I'm I'm glad to hear that there's   And I'm I'm glad to hear that there's strong data behind this because it's strong data behind this because it's   strong data behind this because it's it's such a noticeable anecdote when you it's such a noticeable anecdote when you   it's such a noticeable anecdote when you just try to build stuff uh with with just try to build stuff uh with with   just try to build stuff uh with with Bolt that um I yeah, I could not I could Bolt that um I yeah, I could not I could   Bolt that um I yeah, I could not I could not agree with that approach more. But not agree with that approach more. But   not agree with that approach more. But in this case, you know, this wasn't like in this case, you know, this wasn't like   in this case, you know, this wasn't like our whole thing was super screwed up. We our whole thing was super screwed up. We   our whole thing was super screwed up. We just didn't have the rounded corners. just didn't have the rounded corners.   just didn't have the rounded corners. Now we have the rounded corners. No big Now we have the rounded corners. No big   Now we have the rounded corners. No big deal. You know, I'm not going to start deal. You know, I'm not going to start   deal. You know, I'm not going to start over for something like that. So, okay. over for something like that. So, okay.   over for something like that. So, okay. So, now we've got our uh our modal built So, now we've got our uh our modal built   So, now we've got our uh our modal built out here. And now we need to add our new out here. And now we need to add our new   out here. And now we need to add our new capabilities. So, uh basically what I'm capabilities. So, uh basically what I'm   capabilities. So, uh basically what I'm thinking is I want when I hover over the thinking is I want when I hover over the   thinking is I want when I hover over the taxes, I just want like an edit button taxes, I just want like an edit button   taxes, I just want like an edit button to appear and then to take me to another to appear and then to take me to another   to appear and then to take me to another modal where I can change some settings. modal where I can change some settings.   modal where I can change some settings. So, I went ahead and wrote this prompt So, I went ahead and wrote this prompt   So, I went ahead and wrote this prompt out as well so that you guys don't have out as well so that you guys don't have   out as well so that you guys don't have to watch me do that. This is a very long to watch me do that. This is a very long   to watch me do that. This is a very long prompt. So, uh basically we're saying prompt. So, uh basically we're saying   prompt. So, uh basically we're saying when hovering over the the div that uh when hovering over the the div that uh   when hovering over the the div that uh contains the word taxes, we want this contains the word taxes, we want this   contains the word taxes, we want this editable button and that says adjust tax editable button and that says adjust tax   editable button and that says adjust tax collection. collection.   collection. And then it you know take us to a new And then it you know take us to a new   And then it you know take us to a new modal where we can make those changes modal where we can make those changes   modal where we can make those changes and uh and uh   and uh let us save those. So let us save those. So   let us save those. So now this part this you'll notice why is now this part this you'll notice why is   now this part this you'll notice why is there coloring and like formatting and there coloring and like formatting and   there coloring and like formatting and stuff? That's because I copy pasted the stuff? That's because I copy pasted the   stuff? That's because I copy pasted the tax rules out of chat GPT. And this is tax rules out of chat GPT. And this is   tax rules out of chat GPT. And this is another reason why it's really handy to another reason why it's really handy to   another reason why it's really handy to if you if you're thinking about this if you if you're thinking about this   if you if you're thinking about this from the lens of a product manager. I from the lens of a product manager. I   from the lens of a product manager. I don't have to hand this very gnarly set don't have to hand this very gnarly set   don't have to hand this very gnarly set of rules and calculation stuff over to of rules and calculation stuff over to   of rules and calculation stuff over to someone else and be like read this someone else and be like read this   someone else and be like read this document and now go make the thing and document and now go make the thing and   document and now go make the thing and hope that they like understand the math hope that they like understand the math   hope that they like understand the math and the logic of how the taxes should and the logic of how the taxes should   and the logic of how the taxes should work and how to turn that into UI. work and how to turn that into UI.   work and how to turn that into UI. That's what product managers used to That's what product managers used to   That's what product managers used to have to do. write a PRD, a product have to do. write a PRD, a product   have to do. write a PRD, a product requirements doc that laid all this out requirements doc that laid all this out   requirements doc that laid all this out clearly enough that someone who's not a clearly enough that someone who's not a   clearly enough that someone who's not a tax expert and not a software developer tax expert and not a software developer   tax expert and not a software developer could figure it out and represent it in could figure it out and represent it in   could figure it out and represent it in Figma, then that that person, the Figma, then that that person, the   Figma, then that that person, the designer, would go make the pixel designer, would go make the pixel   designer, would go make the pixel perfect Figma mockup, then hand it over perfect Figma mockup, then hand it over   perfect Figma mockup, then hand it over to the engineer, and we're able to just to the engineer, and we're able to just   to the engineer, and we're able to just short circuit a lot of that that uh all short circuit a lot of that that uh all   short circuit a lot of that that uh all of those like translation taxes between of those like translation taxes between   of those like translation taxes between disciplines here. Uh, so yeah, then I disciplines here. Uh, so yeah, then I   disciplines here. Uh, so yeah, then I wrote this part just, you know, we're wrote this part just, you know, we're   wrote this part just, you know, we're going to use this to recalculate the going to use this to recalculate the   going to use this to recalculate the amount of taxes collected. And then I'm amount of taxes collected. And then I'm   amount of taxes collected. And then I'm just saying store the values locally. just saying store the values locally.   just saying store the values locally. Don't uh worry about like setting up a Don't uh worry about like setting up a   Don't uh worry about like setting up a database or anything because I'm not database or anything because I'm not   database or anything because I'm not trying to actually make Airbnb here. I'm trying to actually make Airbnb here. I'm   trying to actually make Airbnb here. I'm trying to just get my my ID approved. trying to just get my my ID approved.   trying to just get my my ID approved. So, um, we'll go ahead and paste that So, um, we'll go ahead and paste that   So, um, we'll go ahead and paste that prompt in here. Now, the other thing I'm prompt in here. Now, the other thing I'm   prompt in here. Now, the other thing I'm going to do is this is a little bit more going to do is this is a little bit more   going to do is this is a little bit more complicated because I'm adding UI to complicated because I'm adding UI to   complicated because I'm adding UI to this page. I'm setting up a new mobile. this page. I'm setting up a new mobile.   this page. I'm setting up a new mobile. there's math and calculations and there's math and calculations and   there's math and calculations and everything. So, I've been using Sonnet everything. So, I've been using Sonnet   everything. So, I've been using Sonnet 45, but I'm going to actually switch to 45, but I'm going to actually switch to   45, but I'm going to actually switch to Opus for this, which is a new model from Opus for this, which is a new model from   Opus for this, which is a new model from Enthropic that is so good. Um, I've just Enthropic that is so good. Um, I've just   Enthropic that is so good. Um, I've just been extremely impressed with this been extremely impressed with this   been extremely impressed with this model. It can be a little bit slower, model. It can be a little bit slower,   model. It can be a little bit slower, uh, but it has like more reasoning uh, but it has like more reasoning   uh, but it has like more reasoning capabilities and it's just a very, very capabilities and it's just a very, very   capabilities and it's just a very, very impressive model. So, we'll we'll kick impressive model. So, we'll we'll kick   impressive model. So, we'll we'll kick that off. Um, and and let that do its that off. Um, and and let that do its   that off. Um, and and let that do its thing. But have you tried Opus? Opus thing. But have you tried Opus? Opus   thing. But have you tried Opus? Opus yet, Arman. yet, Arman.   yet, Arman. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Opus is like a &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Opus is like a   &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Opus is like a step-wise improvement. And it's it's step-wise improvement. And it's it's   step-wise improvement. And it's it's always funny whenever these new models always funny whenever these new models   always funny whenever these new models come out, I I always am skeptical come out, I I always am skeptical   come out, I I always am skeptical because I've been jaded by some models because I've been jaded by some models   because I've been jaded by some models that come out and they're just they're that come out and they're just they're   that come out and they're just they're so behaviorally different. Like if you so behaviorally different. Like if you   so behaviorally different. Like if you remember when 3.7 came out, remember when 3.7 came out,   remember when 3.7 came out, &gt;&gt; Yeah. It was like everyone was calling &gt;&gt; Yeah. It was like everyone was calling   &gt;&gt; Yeah. It was like everyone was calling it like the ADHD model because it was it like the ADHD model because it was   it like the ADHD model because it was just so distractable and it would go in just so distractable and it would go in   just so distractable and it would go in down rabbit holes and all these things. down rabbit holes and all these things.   down rabbit holes and all these things. Um but but since then I think all of the Um but but since then I think all of the   Um but but since then I think all of the um I actually think open AI as well like um I actually think open AI as well like   um I actually think open AI as well like all of the labs have been showing really all of the labs have been showing really   all of the labs have been showing really steady progress which has been great and steady progress which has been great and   steady progress which has been great and I think 4.5 has been remarkable and I I think 4.5 has been remarkable and I   I think 4.5 has been remarkable and I actually like this kind of leads me to actually like this kind of leads me to   actually like this kind of leads me to um unless there's is there anything that um unless there's is there anything that   um unless there's is there anything that you want to talk about while this is you want to talk about while this is   you want to talk about while this is thinking? thinking?   thinking? &gt;&gt; Um the well I'll just point out the plan &gt;&gt; Um the well I'll just point out the plan   &gt;&gt; Um the well I'll just point out the plan here just because it's it I find this here just because it's it I find this   here just because it's it I find this interesting. It's nothing you interesting. It's nothing you   interesting. It's nothing you necessarily necessarily   necessarily need to worry about, but it is cool just need to worry about, but it is cool just   need to worry about, but it is cool just to understand how the tool's thinking, to understand how the tool's thinking,   to understand how the tool's thinking, right? So, in the way it breaks this right? So, in the way it breaks this   right? So, in the way it breaks this stuff down. So, it's actually creating stuff down. So, it's actually creating   stuff down. So, it's actually creating like a calculation utility probably like a calculation utility probably   like a calculation utility probably using JavaScript. using JavaScript.   using JavaScript. Um, yeah, tax calculation.typescript. Um, yeah, tax calculation.typescript.   Um, yeah, tax calculation.typescript. So, I mean, this is nerdy stuff that you So, I mean, this is nerdy stuff that you   So, I mean, this is nerdy stuff that you really don't need to know, but it's just really don't need to know, but it's just   really don't need to know, but it's just if you're trying to like educate if you're trying to like educate   if you're trying to like educate yourself and learn more about how yourself and learn more about how   yourself and learn more about how digital products work. It's kind of cool digital products work. It's kind of cool   digital products work. It's kind of cool cuz you're like, "Okay, so it's actually cuz you're like, "Okay, so it's actually   cuz you're like, "Okay, so it's actually writing this file." And if you want to writing this file." And if you want to   writing this file." And if you want to like go look at it, you know, you can like go look at it, you know, you can   like go look at it, you know, you can you can go in here into the source you can go in here into the source   you can go in here into the source folder and folder and   folder and oh, it hasn't actually wrote uh push it oh, it hasn't actually wrote uh push it   oh, it hasn't actually wrote uh push it to the file system yet because it's to the file system yet because it's   to the file system yet because it's still writing it. But you'll be able to still writing it. But you'll be able to   still writing it. But you'll be able to actually go and look at that that file actually go and look at that that file   actually go and look at that that file and you know look at how it works, audit and you know look at how it works, audit   and you know look at how it works, audit it, make sure the math is good. Um, and it, make sure the math is good. Um, and   it, make sure the math is good. Um, and it's adding the hover button. It's it's adding the hover button. It's   it's adding the hover button. It's creating the new modal component and creating the new modal component and   creating the new modal component and then it's integrating that into the UI. then it's integrating that into the UI.   then it's integrating that into the UI. So it just gives you the ability to So it just gives you the ability to   So it just gives you the ability to actually, you know, cuz I'm just sending actually, you know, cuz I'm just sending   actually, you know, cuz I'm just sending this. Normally when I'm building, I'd this. Normally when I'm building, I'd   this. Normally when I'm building, I'd use plan mode so that I'd actually use plan mode so that I'd actually   use plan mode so that I'd actually understand the plan before I greenlight understand the plan before I greenlight   understand the plan before I greenlight it, but that's kind of boring for live it, but that's kind of boring for live   it, but that's kind of boring for live stream. So, I'm just like, go for it. stream. So, I'm just like, go for it.   stream. So, I'm just like, go for it. But you can at least see like it came up But you can at least see like it came up   But you can at least see like it came up with a plan that you can credibly with a plan that you can credibly   with a plan that you can credibly believe would accomplish our goals here. believe would accomplish our goals here.   believe would accomplish our goals here. So, um, and then it kind of breaks down So, um, and then it kind of breaks down   So, um, and then it kind of breaks down everything that it's done. And, you everything that it's done. And, you   everything that it's done. And, you know, looks like that all looks good. know, looks like that all looks good.   know, looks like that all looks good. So, now when we go over here, we should, So, now when we go over here, we should,   So, now when we go over here, we should, yep, we have our adjust tax collection yep, we have our adjust tax collection   yep, we have our adjust tax collection button. And actually before we do that, button. And actually before we do that,   button. And actually before we do that, so you can see we should be paying a,000 so you can see we should be paying a,000   so you can see we should be paying a,000 or the guest will be paying $1,082 or the guest will be paying $1,082   or the guest will be paying $1,082 of taxes. We can come in here. We can of taxes. We can come in here. We can   of taxes. We can come in here. We can adjust the calculation. adjust the calculation.   adjust the calculation. &gt;&gt; Oh, this is cool. &gt;&gt; Oh, this is cool.   &gt;&gt; Oh, this is cool. &gt;&gt; And we have our modal. So okay, you &gt;&gt; And we have our modal. So okay, you   &gt;&gt; And we have our modal. So okay, you know, state and local taxes. Cool. Uh know, state and local taxes. Cool. Uh   know, state and local taxes. Cool. Uh let's maybe we don't want we don't think let's maybe we don't want we don't think   let's maybe we don't want we don't think we're uh you know to be clear like the we're uh you know to be clear like the   we're uh you know to be clear like the axle tax situation's a little more axle tax situation's a little more   axle tax situation's a little more complicated than maybe I'm making it out complicated than maybe I'm making it out   complicated than maybe I'm making it out to be here. So I do plan on paying all to be here. So I do plan on paying all   to be here. So I do plan on paying all of my short-term rental occupancy taxes of my short-term rental occupancy taxes   of my short-term rental occupancy taxes Nashville. But let's say Nashville. But let's say   Nashville. But let's say &gt;&gt; dear IRS Alex will pay his taxes. &gt;&gt; dear IRS Alex will pay his taxes.   &gt;&gt; dear IRS Alex will pay his taxes. &gt;&gt; Yes. But if we wanted to remove &gt;&gt; Yes. But if we wanted to remove   &gt;&gt; Yes. But if we wanted to remove withholding, right, we could turn that withholding, right, we could turn that   withholding, right, we could turn that off here. save our settings and we can off here. save our settings and we can   off here. save our settings and we can see the withholding has dropped see the withholding has dropped   see the withholding has dropped significantly. If we don't want to significantly. If we don't want to   significantly. If we don't want to withhold on the state side, we could say withhold on the state side, we could say   withhold on the state side, we could say that now we're withholding zero taxes. that now we're withholding zero taxes.   that now we're withholding zero taxes. There we go. So, we have fundamentally There we go. So, we have fundamentally   There we go. So, we have fundamentally built a new capability that we can now built a new capability that we can now   built a new capability that we can now go ahead and share and uh we'll generate go ahead and share and uh we'll generate   go ahead and share and uh we'll generate a private invite link here and we can a private invite link here and we can   a private invite link here and we can now share this with anyone inside the now share this with anyone inside the   now share this with anyone inside the company, build consensus, right? company, build consensus, right?   company, build consensus, right? um and uh um and uh   um and uh get other other folks to, you know, get other other folks to, you know,   get other other folks to, you know, agree that we should actually go get agree that we should actually go get   agree that we should actually go get maybe design resources to make this more maybe design resources to make this more   maybe design resources to make this more uh you know, better UI and get approval uh you know, better UI and get approval   uh you know, better UI and get approval to, you know, bring engineering in and to, you know, bring engineering in and   to, you know, bring engineering in and actually scope this out. And I I guess actually scope this out. And I I guess   actually scope this out. And I I guess you'd probably need to bring your legal you'd probably need to bring your legal   you'd probably need to bring your legal tax compliance teams in too if you were tax compliance teams in too if you were   tax compliance teams in too if you were at Airbnb working on this. Um but uh at Airbnb working on this. Um but uh   at Airbnb working on this. Um but uh yeah that is that is like the B that's yeah that is that is like the B that's   yeah that is that is like the B that's kind of the first part of of what I kind of the first part of of what I   kind of the first part of of what I wanted to show today which is how you wanted to show today which is how you   wanted to show today which is how you can go from I have an idea and I I want can go from I have an idea and I I want   can go from I have an idea and I I want to get buy in for that idea and and how to get buy in for that idea and and how   to get buy in for that idea and and how to build something that actually looks to build something that actually looks   to build something that actually looks like your company's product. like your company's product.   like your company's product. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So compare this to how it used to &gt;&gt; Yeah. So compare this to how it used to   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So compare this to how it used to be right like why is this such a be right like why is this such a   be right like why is this such a step-wise improvement? step-wise improvement?   step-wise improvement? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I mean if you wind the clock &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I mean if you wind the clock   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I mean if you wind the clock back to today how most people are still back to today how most people are still   back to today how most people are still doing this. doing this.   doing this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. how's what's called the you know &gt;&gt; Yeah. how's what's called the you know   &gt;&gt; Yeah. how's what's called the you know the EPD or engineering product design the EPD or engineering product design   the EPD or engineering product design sort of cycle although it probably more sort of cycle although it probably more   sort of cycle although it probably more accurately be called the PDE cycle but accurately be called the PDE cycle but   accurately be called the PDE cycle but nobody says it like that but uh so if nobody says it like that but uh so if   nobody says it like that but uh so if you're sitting in the chair of a product you're sitting in the chair of a product   you're sitting in the chair of a product manager you have a new idea the first manager you have a new idea the first   manager you have a new idea the first thing you got to go do is write out a thing you got to go do is write out a   thing you got to go do is write out a product requirements doc uh that would product requirements doc uh that would   product requirements doc uh that would explain you know what everything we kind explain you know what everything we kind   explain you know what everything we kind of talked about at the top of the call of talked about at the top of the call   of talked about at the top of the call why this is an issue why you think you why this is an issue why you think you   why this is an issue why you think you should make a change to the product to should make a change to the product to   should make a change to the product to do so. Um, and then also defining all of do so. Um, and then also defining all of   do so. Um, and then also defining all of the tax rules and everything, writing the tax rules and everything, writing   the tax rules and everything, writing out in words exactly how you think the out in words exactly how you think the   out in words exactly how you think the user interface should look and all of user interface should look and all of   user interface should look and all of that just to get, you know, approval to that just to get, you know, approval to   that just to get, you know, approval to move forward with the idea. move forward with the idea.   move forward with the idea. So, and that doc needs to be So, and that doc needs to be   So, and that doc needs to be comprehensive. So every aspect of the comprehensive. So every aspect of the   comprehensive. So every aspect of the product change that you're wanting to product change that you're wanting to   product change that you're wanting to make needs to be explicitly explained in make needs to be explicitly explained in   make needs to be explicitly explained in were were   were &gt;&gt; otherwise how is the rest of the company &gt;&gt; otherwise how is the rest of the company   &gt;&gt; otherwise how is the rest of the company going to know like what you want it to going to know like what you want it to   going to know like what you want it to look like when you click on and I mean look like when you click on and I mean   look like when you click on and I mean we're talking about down to like we're talking about down to like   we're talking about down to like specific stuff like okay if we pull I'll specific stuff like okay if we pull I'll   specific stuff like okay if we pull I'll I'll pull back up what we built here and I'll pull back up what we built here and   I'll pull back up what we built here and we can talk through some of the things we can talk through some of the things   we can talk through some of the things that you and I didn't even discuss that that you and I didn't even discuss that   that you and I didn't even discuss that you would need to specifically define in you would need to specifically define in   you would need to specifically define in this PRD for example okay is I don't you this PRD for example okay is I don't you   this PRD for example okay is I don't you know we didn't I don't think we said know we didn't I don't think we said   know we didn't I don't think we said anything about a toggle right but if you anything about a toggle right but if you   anything about a toggle right but if you wanted it to be toggle okay when you wanted it to be toggle okay when you   wanted it to be toggle okay when you deselect the toggle do you want it to be deselect the toggle do you want it to be   deselect the toggle do you want it to be grayed out or do you want it to be like grayed out or do you want it to be like   grayed out or do you want it to be like a tray where it slides up and disappears a tray where it slides up and disappears   a tray where it slides up and disappears completely or do you actually want the completely or do you actually want the   completely or do you actually want the the user to be able to edit these the user to be able to edit these   the user to be able to edit these percentages right like you have to percentages right like you have to   percentages right like you have to define all of those little details in define all of those little details in   define all of those little details in the PRD whereas you know with what we're the PRD whereas you know with what we're   the PRD whereas you know with what we're working with here maybe we don't like working with here maybe we don't like   working with here maybe we don't like the way that this currently works works. the way that this currently works works.   the way that this currently works works. Maybe we do, maybe we don't. But either Maybe we do, maybe we don't. But either   Maybe we do, maybe we don't. But either way, we don't have to painstakingly way, we don't have to painstakingly   way, we don't have to painstakingly explain what we want. If we want um you explain what we want. If we want um you   explain what we want. If we want um you know the when you disable a certain tax know the when you disable a certain tax   know the when you disable a certain tax to just have it slide up, we can we can to just have it slide up, we can we can   to just have it slide up, we can we can tell it that, right? And we can tell it that, right? And we can   tell it that, right? And we can represent that in our prototype at full represent that in our prototype at full   represent that in our prototype at full fidelity and let whoever we're sharing fidelity and let whoever we're sharing   fidelity and let whoever we're sharing with actually play with it and kind of with actually play with it and kind of   with actually play with it and kind of touch and feel the experience. Um so touch and feel the experience. Um so   touch and feel the experience. Um so that's a pretty powerful aspect of this. that's a pretty powerful aspect of this.   that's a pretty powerful aspect of this. Then in the old way of doing things, Then in the old way of doing things,   Then in the old way of doing things, right, you would then pass that PRD right, you would then pass that PRD   right, you would then pass that PRD document off to design. Now, design has document off to design. Now, design has   document off to design. Now, design has to go and use a tool like uh, you know, to go and use a tool like uh, you know,   to go and use a tool like uh, you know, Envision back in the day or Figma today Envision back in the day or Figma today   Envision back in the day or Figma today or Canva and go make a pixelper or Canva and go make a pixelper   or Canva and go make a pixelper recreation recreation   recreation of your document based on what you've of your document based on what you've   of your document based on what you've written. That's time consuming and written. That's time consuming and   written. That's time consuming and difficult, right? when they could be difficult, right? when they could be   difficult, right? when they could be working on a host of other tasks like working on a host of other tasks like   working on a host of other tasks like improving the design system, working on improving the design system, working on   improving the design system, working on branding, like working on improving the branding, like working on improving the   branding, like working on improving the design and flow of features that are design and flow of features that are   design and flow of features that are already in production. Like let's keep already in production. Like let's keep   already in production. Like let's keep in mind this doesn't even have in mind this doesn't even have   in mind this doesn't even have leadership approval necessarily at this leadership approval necessarily at this   leadership approval necessarily at this phase, right? Because you want to put it phase, right? Because you want to put it   phase, right? Because you want to put it in front of users, get user testing in front of users, get user testing   in front of users, get user testing reactions and feedback, etc. So now reactions and feedback, etc. So now   reactions and feedback, etc. So now we've got a whole second deliverable, we've got a whole second deliverable,   we've got a whole second deliverable, timeconsuming, timeconsuming,   timeconsuming, detailed deliverable that's got to get detailed deliverable that's got to get   detailed deliverable that's got to get made a pixel perfect design right now. made a pixel perfect design right now.   made a pixel perfect design right now. You could take that potentially if you You could take that potentially if you   You could take that potentially if you made that design clickable and made that design clickable and   made that design clickable and everything, which takes even more time. everything, which takes even more time.   everything, which takes even more time. You could take that and put that in You could take that and put that in   You could take that and put that in front of users for user testing and front of users for user testing and   front of users for user testing and executives, right? And then executives, right? And then   executives, right? And then finally, we're ready to build the finally, we're ready to build the   finally, we're ready to build the feature. Okay? And we've made two very feature. Okay? And we've made two very   feature. Okay? And we've made two very pain-staking, time-consuming pain-staking, time-consuming   pain-staking, time-consuming deliverables, a a PRD and a visual deliverables, a a PRD and a visual   deliverables, a a PRD and a visual design. Now, we're going to give both of design. Now, we're going to give both of   design. Now, we're going to give both of those documents to engineering who's those documents to engineering who's   those documents to engineering who's going to read them, ingest them through going to read them, ingest them through   going to read them, ingest them through their eyeballs, throw them in the trash, their eyeballs, throw them in the trash,   their eyeballs, throw them in the trash, and start completely over at the and start completely over at the   and start completely over at the beginning rebuilding this thing in code beginning rebuilding this thing in code   beginning rebuilding this thing in code from scratch. from scratch.   from scratch. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It's it's like it's it's &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It's it's like it's it's   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It's it's like it's it's just crazy to actually think about the just crazy to actually think about the   just crazy to actually think about the level of wasted like human talent and level of wasted like human talent and   level of wasted like human talent and effort and and we're assuming that the effort and and we're assuming that the   effort and and we're assuming that the idea has translated effectively and idea has translated effectively and   idea has translated effectively and perfectly every time from written word perfectly every time from written word   perfectly every time from written word to visual pixels and then ultimately to to visual pixels and then ultimately to   to visual pixels and then ultimately to code. If it breaks down at any point in code. If it breaks down at any point in   code. If it breaks down at any point in that due to fidelity loss of translating that due to fidelity loss of translating   that due to fidelity loss of translating from one medium to the next, you got to from one medium to the next, you got to   from one medium to the next, you got to go back to the beginning of the cycle go back to the beginning of the cycle   go back to the beginning of the cycle and and run it through again. So that's and and run it through again. So that's   and and run it through again. So that's like largely how this works today. And like largely how this works today. And   like largely how this works today. And with tools like Bolt, we're here to to with tools like Bolt, we're here to to   with tools like Bolt, we're here to to help you and your engineering product help you and your engineering product   help you and your engineering product and design team um you know do this in a and design team um you know do this in a   and design team um you know do this in a way that's more efficient uh more more way that's more efficient uh more more   way that's more efficient uh more more effective and and frankly like a lot effective and and frankly like a lot   effective and and frankly like a lot more fun for the for the people more fun for the for the people   more fun for the for the people involved. involved.   involved. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, uh, it's so funny. We we &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, uh, it's so funny. We we   &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, uh, it's so funny. We we get every single day I have       so many conversations with CEOs and and so many conversations with CEOs and and   so many conversations with CEOs and and other executives basically saying, "I other executives basically saying, "I   other executives basically saying, "I needed my product team to move faster." needed my product team to move faster."   needed my product team to move faster." And when you get down to it, fingers on And when you get down to it, fingers on   And when you get down to it, fingers on keyboards in 2025, 2026 is actually the keyboards in 2025, 2026 is actually the   keyboards in 2025, 2026 is actually the fastest part of the process. The slowest fastest part of the process. The slowest   fastest part of the process. The slowest part is exactly what you're talking part is exactly what you're talking   part is exactly what you're talking about. It's getting everybody aligned, about. It's getting everybody aligned,   about. It's getting everybody aligned, right? And it's getting all these right? And it's getting all these   right? And it's getting all these different cogs in the machine aligned. different cogs in the machine aligned.   different cogs in the machine aligned. And the reason to your point is if And the reason to your point is if   And the reason to your point is if you're the PM and I'm the designer, you're the PM and I'm the designer,   you're the PM and I'm the designer, right? We speak two different languages. right? We speak two different languages.   right? We speak two different languages. You speak PRD, I speak mockup. And PRD You speak PRD, I speak mockup. And PRD   You speak PRD, I speak mockup. And PRD is by definition low fidelity, right? is by definition low fidelity, right?   is by definition low fidelity, right? It's words. It's human language. And so It's words. It's human language. And so   It's words. It's human language. And so the ability to communicate like like the ability to communicate like like   the ability to communicate like like it's like playing telephone where people it's like playing telephone where people   it's like playing telephone where people speak different languages. We are not speak different languages. We are not   speak different languages. We are not going to be able to fully communicate by going to be able to fully communicate by   going to be able to fully communicate by giving everybody a sandbox where if you giving everybody a sandbox where if you   giving everybody a sandbox where if you say, "Hey, I want you to invent a new say, "Hey, I want you to invent a new   say, "Hey, I want you to invent a new iPhone and you give me a computer, I iPhone and you give me a computer, I   iPhone and you give me a computer, I need to use some software to like design need to use some software to like design   need to use some software to like design in 3D." But if you give me a piece of in 3D." But if you give me a piece of   in 3D." But if you give me a piece of clay, I can design it much more easily. clay, I can design it much more easily.   clay, I can design it much more easily. And what you're basically saying is, And what you're basically saying is,   And what you're basically saying is, hey, let's give everybody clay for hey, let's give everybody clay for   hey, let's give everybody clay for software. Let's give that's actually the software. Let's give that's actually the   software. Let's give that's actually the name of a software, but like let's give name of a software, but like let's give   name of a software, but like let's give everybody like like a piece of a tool everybody like like a piece of a tool   everybody like like a piece of a tool that they can use to really morph their that they can use to really morph their   that they can use to really morph their ideas and just generate higher bandwidth ideas and just generate higher bandwidth   ideas and just generate higher bandwidth ability to communicate ideas. And I ability to communicate ideas. And I   ability to communicate ideas. And I think that that makes a ton of sense. I think that that makes a ton of sense. I   think that that makes a ton of sense. I have a big question for you though, have a big question for you though,   have a big question for you though, right? Like there is bolt and I know you right? Like there is bolt and I know you   right? Like there is bolt and I know you know this question is coming and I know know this question is coming and I know   know this question is coming and I know you guys probably get this question a you guys probably get this question a   you guys probably get this question a trillion times but I I want to address trillion times but I I want to address   trillion times but I I want to address it to basically understand how you guys it to basically understand how you guys   it to basically understand how you guys position yourselves and if the PM use position yourselves and if the PM use   position yourselves and if the PM use case is the what so there's bolt there's case is the what so there's bolt there's   case is the what so there's bolt there's lovable v uh vzero replet now Google ai lovable v uh vzero replet now Google ai   lovable v uh vzero replet now Google ai studio there's also claude code on this studio there's also claude code on this   studio there's also claude code on this side right and for me I always think side right and for me I always think   side right and for me I always think about like every figma make as well I about like every figma make as well I   about like every figma make as well I see in the chat thank you Daniel like see in the chat thank you Daniel like   see in the chat thank you Daniel like whenever there's a tool whenever there's a tool   whenever there's a tool It's about the use cases that make the It's about the use cases that make the   It's about the use cases that make the tool the tool. I can use a wrench to tool the tool. I can use a wrench to   tool the tool. I can use a wrench to hammer a nail into a wall, but I don't hammer a nail into a wall, but I don't   hammer a nail into a wall, but I don't do that. I use a hammer, right? And so do that. I use a hammer, right? And so   do that. I use a hammer, right? And so the use cases are what cause the use cases are what cause   the use cases are what cause differentiation? So I'm curious, is this differentiation? So I'm curious, is this   differentiation? So I'm curious, is this prototyping use case the one? How do you prototyping use case the one? How do you   prototyping use case the one? How do you see this space evolving? And where do see this space evolving? And where do   see this space evolving? And where do you see Bolt's spot in it? Um, yeah, how you see Bolt's spot in it? Um, yeah, how   you see Bolt's spot in it? Um, yeah, how do you think about all that? do you think about all that?   do you think about all that? &gt;&gt; Uh, great question. So to answer it, we &gt;&gt; Uh, great question. So to answer it, we   &gt;&gt; Uh, great question. So to answer it, we got to back up to your clay analogy with got to back up to your clay analogy with   got to back up to your clay analogy with the iPhone, right? The the problem with the iPhone, right? The the problem with   the iPhone, right? The the problem with a lot of these vibe coding tools and the a lot of these vibe coding tools and the   a lot of these vibe coding tools and the current state of the space and honestly current state of the space and honestly   current state of the space and honestly with what we just demonstrated, right, with what we just demonstrated, right,   with what we just demonstrated, right, is you don't make iPhones out of clay, is you don't make iPhones out of clay,   is you don't make iPhones out of clay, right? You have to have all these right? You have to have all these   right? You have to have all these components and chips and glass and components and chips and glass and   components and chips and glass and everything to make a real iPhone. You everything to make a real iPhone. You   everything to make a real iPhone. You can make a compelling mockup of what it can make a compelling mockup of what it   can make a compelling mockup of what it feels like to hold it and what it might feels like to hold it and what it might   feels like to hold it and what it might look like with clay and some paper and look like with clay and some paper and   look like with clay and some paper and you know some drawings. Yeah. But in you know some drawings. Yeah. But in   you know some drawings. Yeah. But in order to actually deliver the product, order to actually deliver the product,   order to actually deliver the product, you need to be building you need to be building   you need to be building &gt;&gt; with the components that actually end up &gt;&gt; with the components that actually end up   &gt;&gt; with the components that actually end up going into the final product. Okay. So going into the final product. Okay. So   going into the final product. Okay. So for digital products like software uh for digital products like software uh   for digital products like software uh websites the at large companies the websites the at large companies the   websites the at large companies the components that go into making the final components that go into making the final   components that go into making the final product are called the design system or product are called the design system or   product are called the design system or UI library components right and what UI library components right and what   UI library components right and what those are is basically pre-programmed those are is basically pre-programmed   those are is basically pre-programmed like that modal that we made right at like that modal that we made right at   like that modal that we made right at Airbnb they have a component that's Airbnb they have a component that's   Airbnb they have a component that's already made that's their you know modal already made that's their you know modal   already made that's their you know modal component Yeah, it's like it's like the component Yeah, it's like it's like the   component Yeah, it's like it's like the camera component here, right? Like this camera component here, right? Like this   camera component here, right? Like this is the same exact thing on every iPhone, is the same exact thing on every iPhone,   is the same exact thing on every iPhone, whatever number. whatever number.   whatever number. &gt;&gt; Yep. And in the in the iPhone factory, &gt;&gt; Yep. And in the in the iPhone factory,   &gt;&gt; Yep. And in the in the iPhone factory, they got a box full of those cameras. they got a box full of those cameras.   they got a box full of those cameras. And in the Airbnb software library, And in the Airbnb software library,   And in the Airbnb software library, they've got a predefined version of what they've got a predefined version of what   they've got a predefined version of what every button, toggle, modal looks like, every button, toggle, modal looks like,   every button, toggle, modal looks like, right? So this is really where Bolt is right? So this is really where Bolt is   right? So this is really where Bolt is differentiating ourselves productwise is differentiating ourselves productwise is   differentiating ourselves productwise is we are focusing on professional digital we are focusing on professional digital   we are focusing on professional digital product teams that want the prototype to product teams that want the prototype to   product teams that want the prototype to be the product. Right? So we're actually be the product. Right? So we're actually   be the product. Right? So we're actually going to help you hook bolt into your going to help you hook bolt into your   going to help you hook bolt into your company's design system and UI library company's design system and UI library   company's design system and UI library so that when you're building your your so that when you're building your your   so that when you're building your your prototype, you're actually building the prototype, you're actually building the   prototype, you're actually building the product. And when you hand that off to product. And when you hand that off to   product. And when you hand that off to engineering, you're not handing them a engineering, you're not handing them a   engineering, you're not handing them a lump of clay that looks like your lump of clay that looks like your   lump of clay that looks like your product idea. You're actually product idea. You're actually   product idea. You're actually highquality front-end code that's compil       UI library code of your organization so UI library code of your organization so   UI library code of your organization so that your engineering team can actually that your engineering team can actually   that your engineering team can actually take that UI code and reuse it as they take that UI code and reuse it as they   take that UI code and reuse it as they go to implement that, plug it into the go to implement that, plug it into the   go to implement that, plug it into the backend, hook it up to the billing APIs, backend, hook it up to the billing APIs,   backend, hook it up to the billing APIs, etc. etc.   etc. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So &gt;&gt; Yeah. So   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So is it fair to say that your competition is it fair to say that your competition   is it fair to say that your competition is actually not is actually not   is actually not vzero all these prototyping tools but vzero all these prototyping tools but   vzero all these prototyping tools but it's actually claude code like it's it's actually claude code like it's   it's actually claude code like it's actually like actually like   actually like &gt;&gt; so it's funny that you &gt;&gt; so it's funny that you   &gt;&gt; so it's funny that you &gt;&gt; production grade engineering tool. &gt;&gt; production grade engineering tool.   &gt;&gt; production grade engineering tool. &gt;&gt; Yeah that you say that because &gt;&gt; Yeah that you say that because   &gt;&gt; Yeah that you say that because &gt;&gt; we are actually using the claude code &gt;&gt; we are actually using the claude code   &gt;&gt; we are actually using the claude code agent inside of Bolt. So, we're closely agent inside of Bolt. So, we're closely   agent inside of Bolt. So, we're closely partnered with Anthropic and uh a few partnered with Anthropic and uh a few   partnered with Anthropic and uh a few months months   months &gt;&gt; Yeah. We're all friends here. We're all &gt;&gt; Yeah. We're all friends here. We're all   &gt;&gt; Yeah. We're all friends here. We're all friends here. friends here.   friends here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And a few months ago when, you &gt;&gt; Yeah. And a few months ago when, you   &gt;&gt; Yeah. And a few months ago when, you know, Claude Code really started to know, Claude Code really started to   know, Claude Code really started to cook, we just realized like the at this cook, we just realized like the at this   cook, we just realized like the at this point in the evolution of this market, point in the evolution of this market,   point in the evolution of this market, the agents have really become part of the agents have really become part of   the agents have really become part of the infrastructure layer. Anthropic has the infrastructure layer. Anthropic has   the infrastructure layer. Anthropic has raised, I don't know, don't quote me on raised, I don't know, don't quote me on   raised, I don't know, don't quote me on this, $ 32 billion in the last 12 this, $ 32 billion in the last 12   this, $ 32 billion in the last 12 months, okay? And they're dumping so months, okay? And they're dumping so   months, okay? And they're dumping so much money into building these much money into building these   much money into building these incredible models that pair perfectly incredible models that pair perfectly   incredible models that pair perfectly with their uh their agent. So um we've with their uh their agent. So um we've   with their uh their agent. So um we've we've we're leveraging that core we've we're leveraging that core   we've we're leveraging that core infrastructure work and then layering on infrastructure work and then layering on   infrastructure work and then layering on top of it the tools to make it extremely top of it the tools to make it extremely   top of it the tools to make it extremely easy to use so that you have the best of easy to use so that you have the best of   easy to use so that you have the best of both worlds, right? the ease of any of both worlds, right? the ease of any of   both worlds, right? the ease of any of these consumer vibe coding tools paired these consumer vibe coding tools paired   these consumer vibe coding tools paired with the professionalgrade quality that with the professionalgrade quality that   with the professionalgrade quality that you get from claude code and then all of you get from claude code and then all of   you get from claude code and then all of that bundled up and integrated into your that bundled up and integrated into your   that bundled up and integrated into your company's infrastructure uh so that you company's infrastructure uh so that you   company's infrastructure uh so that you can actually reuse the code that it can actually reuse the code that it   can actually reuse the code that it generates. generates.   generates. &gt;&gt; That's awesome. Um that makes no sense. &gt;&gt; That's awesome. Um that makes no sense.   &gt;&gt; That's awesome. Um that makes no sense. So, last question for me. You mentioned So, last question for me. You mentioned   So, last question for me. You mentioned that Anthropic raised 32 bajillion that Anthropic raised 32 bajillion   that Anthropic raised 32 bajillion dollars. Uh, and there was actually a dollars. Uh, and there was actually a   dollars. Uh, and there was actually a question in the chat that I want to question in the chat that I want to   question in the chat that I want to bring up. Um, also talking about how you bring up. Um, also talking about how you   bring up. Um, also talking about how you guys raised your own bajillions of guys raised your own bajillions of   guys raised your own bajillions of dollars recently. You hosted the world's dollars recently. You hosted the world's   dollars recently. You hosted the world's biggest hackathon. You raised from the biggest hackathon. You raised from the   biggest hackathon. You raised from the Chain Smokers. Is that right? Did I see Chain Smokers. Is that right? Did I see   Chain Smokers. Is that right? Did I see that right? We we raised from the Chain that right? We we raised from the Chain   that right? We we raised from the Chain Smokers and we threw a hackathon kickoff Smokers and we threw a hackathon kickoff   Smokers and we threw a hackathon kickoff party with the Chain Smokers which were party with the Chain Smokers which were   party with the Chain Smokers which were very cool. very cool.   very cool. &gt;&gt; Okay. So So like you guys have had this &gt;&gt; Okay. So So like you guys have had this   &gt;&gt; Okay. So So like you guys have had this incredible ride. What has been the best incredible ride. What has been the best   incredible ride. What has been the best part? part?   part? &gt;&gt; That is a great question. Uh and you &gt;&gt; That is a great question. Uh and you   &gt;&gt; That is a great question. Uh and you know I'm I'm planning on doing a lot of know I'm I'm planning on doing a lot of   know I'm I'm planning on doing a lot of reflecting over the next couple weeks on reflecting over the next couple weeks on   reflecting over the next couple weeks on the last year because it has been the last year because it has been   the last year because it has been crazy. I mean, we we've gone from like crazy. I mean, we we've gone from like   crazy. I mean, we we've gone from like 13 people to over 60 people and, you 13 people to over 60 people and, you   13 people to over 60 people and, you know, pivoted the entire direction of know, pivoted the entire direction of   know, pivoted the entire direction of the company and we're serving, you know, the company and we're serving, you know,   the company and we're serving, you know, like 80,000 paying customers now. And like 80,000 paying customers now. And   like 80,000 paying customers now. And it's just been an absolutely wild ride. it's just been an absolutely wild ride.   it's just been an absolutely wild ride. Um, Um,   Um, it's hard to pick like one favorite it's hard to pick like one favorite   it's hard to pick like one favorite moment, but honestly, like sitting here moment, but honestly, like sitting here   moment, but honestly, like sitting here right now, one of the one of the right now, one of the one of the   right now, one of the one of the favorite moments was just October 3rd of favorite moments was just October 3rd of   favorite moments was just October 3rd of 2024 when we first put the thing online. 2024 when we first put the thing online.   2024 when we first put the thing online. Um, because Um, because   Um, because it just started ripping immediately. I it just started ripping immediately. I   it just started ripping immediately. I mean, there's, you know, we don't have mean, there's, you know, we don't have   mean, there's, you know, we don't have time to go into the whole history of of time to go into the whole history of of   time to go into the whole history of of Stack Blitz and and everything, but we Stack Blitz and and everything, but we   Stack Blitz and and everything, but we were like a sleepy developer tool were like a sleepy developer tool   were like a sleepy developer tool company. Bolt was like our last company. Bolt was like our last   company. Bolt was like our last experiment that we were going to run experiment that we were going to run   experiment that we were going to run before, honestly, we were planning to before, honestly, we were planning to   before, honestly, we were planning to shut the company down and return shut the company down and return   shut the company down and return remaining capital to investors because remaining capital to investors because   remaining capital to investors because we had not really found like commercial we had not really found like commercial   we had not really found like commercial product market fit in the way that we product market fit in the way that we   product market fit in the way that we needed to. And this was like our last needed to. And this was like our last   needed to. And this was like our last run at it. The team rallied around it run at it. The team rallied around it   run at it. The team rallied around it like I've never seen before and we built like I've never seen before and we built   like I've never seen before and we built the first version of Bolt in about three the first version of Bolt in about three   the first version of Bolt in about three months from like greenlighting the months from like greenlighting the   months from like greenlighting the project to October 3rd when we put it project to October 3rd when we put it   project to October 3rd when we put it online and that morning just seeing it online and that morning just seeing it   online and that morning just seeing it immediately just start ripping and immediately just start ripping and   immediately just start ripping and people were coming it. mind-blowing. All people were coming it. mind-blowing. All   people were coming it. mind-blowing. All of us are familiar with it now, right? of us are familiar with it now, right?   of us are familiar with it now, right? Totally. But Bolt was the first tool in Totally. But Bolt was the first tool in   Totally. But Bolt was the first tool in the browser that let you code with AI the browser that let you code with AI   the browser that let you code with AI and just people would come in, they and just people would come in, they   and just people would come in, they they'd paste something in, you're like, they'd paste something in, you're like,   they'd paste something in, you're like, "Whoa, I actually got a website." Like, "Whoa, I actually got a website." Like,   "Whoa, I actually got a website." Like, I did not expect that to work. They're I did not expect that to work. They're   I did not expect that to work. They're sharing with their friends. The thing sharing with their friends. The thing   sharing with their friends. The thing was spreading like wildfire. And it was was spreading like wildfire. And it was   was spreading like wildfire. And it was just incredibly gratifying to see this just incredibly gratifying to see this   just incredibly gratifying to see this tight-knit group of folks that I've been tight-knit group of folks that I've been   tight-knit group of folks that I've been working with at that point for 4 years. working with at that point for 4 years.   working with at that point for 4 years. The the the original seven people at the The the the original seven people at the   The the the original seven people at the company, the company started like 2018. company, the company started like 2018.   company, the company started like 2018. We're all still here. And to finally We're all still here. And to finally   We're all still here. And to finally like have that thing where it's like like have that thing where it's like   like have that thing where it's like people love this, it works. They're people love this, it works. They're   people love this, it works. They're happy to pay for it. We're delivering happy to pay for it. We're delivering   happy to pay for it. We're delivering real value. And just seeing that take real value. And just seeing that take   real value. And just seeing that take off and and knowing that, you know, off and and knowing that, you know,   off and and knowing that, you know, through all the the dark days and tough through all the the dark days and tough   through all the the dark days and tough times uh that had come before when we times uh that had come before when we   times uh that had come before when we had, you know, stuck together as a had, you know, stuck together as a   had, you know, stuck together as a squad, it was it was finally going to squad, it was it was finally going to   squad, it was it was finally going to going to work out. Um that was honestly going to work out. Um that was honestly   going to work out. Um that was honestly still probably, you know, the most still probably, you know, the most   still probably, you know, the most incredible uh part of it. But the Chain incredible uh part of it. But the Chain   incredible uh part of it. But the Chain Smokers concert was pretty cool, too. Smokers concert was pretty cool, too.   Smokers concert was pretty cool, too. &gt;&gt; That's awesome. I mean like &gt;&gt; That's awesome. I mean like   &gt;&gt; That's awesome. I mean like Elon said that starting a company is Elon said that starting a company is   Elon said that starting a company is like chewing glass and staring into the like chewing glass and staring into the   like chewing glass and staring into the abyss and the fact that you guys did abyss and the fact that you guys did   abyss and the fact that you guys did that and then that and then   that and then basically set the foundation of AI basically set the foundation of AI   basically set the foundation of AI coding, right? Like right now everybody coding, right? Like right now everybody   coding, right? Like right now everybody says that AI or software engineers are says that AI or software engineers are   says that AI or software engineers are getting the best of the best when it getting the best of the best when it   getting the best of the best when it comes to software engine or when it comes to software engine or when it   comes to software engine or when it comes to AI because AI is so good at comes to AI because AI is so good at   comes to AI because AI is so good at coding and all these things. You guys coding and all these things. You guys   coding and all these things. You guys were, like you said, the first people to were, like you said, the first people to   were, like you said, the first people to let the genie out of the bottle, if you let the genie out of the bottle, if you   let the genie out of the bottle, if you will. And so, I think that that is will. And so, I think that that is   will. And so, I think that that is incredible. I appreciate you taking the incredible. I appreciate you taking the   incredible. I appreciate you taking the time to chat with us today, and I time to chat with us today, and I   time to chat with us today, and I apologize to everybody uh who's apologize to everybody uh who's   apologize to everybody uh who's listening live for the delay. Um, but listening live for the delay. Um, but   listening live for the delay. Um, but Alex Burgerer, thank you for joining us Alex Burgerer, thank you for joining us   Alex Burgerer, thank you for joining us today. Uh, and um, and yeah, excited to today. Uh, and um, and yeah, excited to   today. Uh, and um, and yeah, excited to keep in touch and see what you guys do. keep in touch and see what you guys do.   keep in touch and see what you guys do. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Looking forward to it. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Looking forward to it.   &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Looking forward to it. Thanks for having me on. Thanks for having me on.   Thanks for having me on. &gt;&gt; Thanks, man. Bye, everybody.