We are talking open claw today. What can We are talking open claw today. What can   We are talking open claw today. What can people expect if they watch to the end people expect if they watch to the end   people expect if they watch to the end of this conversation? [music] of this conversation? [music]   of this conversation? [music] &gt;&gt; We'll cover the basics. What's openclaw? &gt;&gt; We'll cover the basics. What's openclaw?   &gt;&gt; We'll cover the basics. What's openclaw? The prerequisites. The prerequisites.   The prerequisites. &gt;&gt; Do you think the comparison [music] of &gt;&gt; Do you think the comparison [music] of   &gt;&gt; Do you think the comparison [music] of openclaw to Jarvis from Iron Man is an openclaw to Jarvis from Iron Man is an   openclaw to Jarvis from Iron Man is an apt comparison? apt comparison?   apt comparison? &gt;&gt; We'll find out when we look at the names &gt;&gt; We'll find out when we look at the names   &gt;&gt; We'll find out when we look at the names of my Hner servers. of my Hner servers.   of my Hner servers. &gt;&gt; I feel [clears throat] like a proud &gt;&gt; I feel [clears throat] like a proud   &gt;&gt; I feel [clears throat] like a proud parent right now. And how profound is parent right now. And how profound is   parent right now. And how profound is OpenClaw in terms of what it offers to OpenClaw in terms of what it offers to   OpenClaw in terms of what it offers to people? The thing with OpenClaw that people? The thing with OpenClaw that   people? The thing with OpenClaw that made it catch fire was made it catch fire was   made it catch fire was CJ Hes. Welcome to the show. CJ Hes. Welcome to the show.   CJ Hes. Welcome to the show. &gt;&gt; Alex Lieberman, thank you for having me. &gt;&gt; Alex Lieberman, thank you for having me.   &gt;&gt; Alex Lieberman, thank you for having me. &gt;&gt; Okay, so we are talking Open Claw today. &gt;&gt; Okay, so we are talking Open Claw today.   &gt;&gt; Okay, so we are talking Open Claw today. What can people expect if they watch to What can people expect if they watch to   What can people expect if they watch to the end of this conversation? the end of this conversation?   the end of this conversation? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we've prepped kind of a guide &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we've prepped kind of a guide   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we've prepped kind of a guide here that we're going to walk through here that we're going to walk through   here that we're going to walk through today. Um, we'll cover the basics, today. Um, we'll cover the basics,   today. Um, we'll cover the basics, what's openclaw, the prerequisites. Then what's openclaw, the prerequisites. Then   what's openclaw, the prerequisites. Then really, we want to go zero to one with really, we want to go zero to one with   really, we want to go zero to one with having an openclaw setup without having an openclaw setup without   having an openclaw setup without spending a ton of money on a Mac Mini or spending a ton of money on a Mac Mini or   spending a ton of money on a Mac Mini or wasting a bunch of time trying to do it wasting a bunch of time trying to do it   wasting a bunch of time trying to do it through some provider. This is going to through some provider. This is going to   through some provider. This is going to be the bare metal guide to do it safely be the bare metal guide to do it safely   be the bare metal guide to do it safely and securely on a VPS through Hzner for and securely on a VPS through Hzner for   and securely on a VPS through Hzner for as little as five bucks a month. Um then as little as five bucks a month. Um then   as little as five bucks a month. Um then we're going to get an open cloth set up we're going to get an open cloth set up   we're going to get an open cloth set up and we're going to start to play around and we're going to start to play around   and we're going to start to play around with it. And then hopefully at the end with it. And then hopefully at the end   with it. And then hopefully at the end um we'll have time to show a couple of um we'll have time to show a couple of   um we'll have time to show a couple of cool use cases that I've personally done cool use cases that I've personally done   cool use cases that I've personally done as well as some that I've seen online as well as some that I've seen online   as well as some that I've seen online and we can kind of discuss how you would and we can kind of discuss how you would   and we can kind of discuss how you would go about setting up things like that. So go about setting up things like that. So   go about setting up things like that. So prerex basically what we're going to prerex basically what we're going to   prerex basically what we're going to need VPS provider cloud but there's a need VPS provider cloud but there's a   need VPS provider cloud but there's a ton of providers out there. I personally ton of providers out there. I personally   ton of providers out there. I personally like I've used it forever. They're a like I've used it forever. They're a   like I've used it forever. They're a European company. So when you get European company. So when you get   European company. So when you get invoiced, they send you an email that invoiced, they send you an email that   invoiced, they send you an email that says, "Stir CJ, your bill is here." Um, says, "Stir CJ, your bill is here." Um,   says, "Stir CJ, your bill is here." Um, then we're going to set up this private then we're going to set up this private   then we're going to set up this private network that's going to be tail scale. network that's going to be tail scale.   network that's going to be tail scale. Um, this essentially gives you a way to Um, this essentially gives you a way to   Um, this essentially gives you a way to connect to each of the machines, but connect to each of the machines, but   connect to each of the machines, but without having to use the open internet without having to use the open internet   without having to use the open internet as a way to connect. Essentially makes a as a way to connect. Essentially makes a   as a way to connect. Essentially makes a walled garden of the computers that you walled garden of the computers that you   walled garden of the computers that you want to be able to connect to. We're want to be able to connect to. We're   want to be able to connect to. We're going to set up messaging. OpenCloud is going to set up messaging. OpenCloud is   going to set up messaging. OpenCloud is great because it has a ton of messaging great because it has a ton of messaging   great because it has a ton of messaging providers. I've been dabbling with providers. I've been dabbling with   providers. I've been dabbling with trying to actually transfer over to trying to actually transfer over to   trying to actually transfer over to Discord, but right now Telegram's my Discord, but right now Telegram's my   Discord, but right now Telegram's my main driver for my agents, so we're main driver for my agents, so we're   main driver for my agents, so we're going to set it up that way. It's also going to set it up that way. It's also   going to set it up that way. It's also the fastest and easiest. And then the the fastest and easiest. And then the   the fastest and easiest. And then the last thing is we're going to need an API last thing is we're going to need an API   last thing is we're going to need an API key from a popular provider. key from a popular provider.   key from a popular provider. Fortunately, Anthropic shut off the the Fortunately, Anthropic shut off the the   Fortunately, Anthropic shut off the the Claude Code subscription token, but for Claude Code subscription token, but for   Claude Code subscription token, but for this we're actually going to use a this we're actually going to use a   this we're actually going to use a Codeex token. So, I'll log in with my Codeex token. So, I'll log in with my   Codeex token. So, I'll log in with my Codeex account and then we'll have that Codeex account and then we'll have that   Codeex account and then we'll have that all set up. all set up.   all set up. &gt;&gt; Cool. &gt;&gt; Cool.   &gt;&gt; Cool. &gt;&gt; Sweet. First thing we're going to do, &gt;&gt; Sweet. First thing we're going to do,   &gt;&gt; Sweet. First thing we're going to do, going to try and speedun through this going to try and speedun through this   going to try and speedun through this part. Going to click here to add a part. Going to click here to add a   part. Going to click here to add a server. Really not much extra you have server. Really not much extra you have   server. Really not much extra you have to do here. You can pick from any of to do here. You can pick from any of   to do here. You can pick from any of these costs optimized or regular these costs optimized or regular   these costs optimized or regular performance. One thing to note is that performance. One thing to note is that   performance. One thing to note is that you do need a decent amount of RAM to you do need a decent amount of RAM to   you do need a decent amount of RAM to run OpenClaw. Four should be fine, but I run OpenClaw. Four should be fine, but I   run OpenClaw. Four should be fine, but I usually air on the side of caution and usually air on the side of caution and   usually air on the side of caution and grab eight. And then if you're in the grab eight. And then if you're in the   grab eight. And then if you're in the US, you're going to want to choose US US, you're going to want to choose US   US, you're going to want to choose US East or US West. If you're somewhere East or US West. If you're somewhere   East or US West. If you're somewhere else, you're going to want to choose else, you're going to want to choose   else, you're going to want to choose essentially the closest one to you. essentially the closest one to you.   essentially the closest one to you. These change depending on where Henner These change depending on where Henner   These change depending on where Henner wants to serve exactly where the box is wants to serve exactly where the box is   wants to serve exactly where the box is from. But in this case, I'm going to from. But in this case, I'm going to   from. But in this case, I'm going to choose US East. And then there's not choose US East. And then there's not   choose US East. And then there's not much more you really have to touch here. much more you really have to touch here.   much more you really have to touch here. Ubuntu is set up. You want both these Ubuntu is set up. You want both these   Ubuntu is set up. You want both these public networking ports. These are public networking ports. These are   public networking ports. These are essentially the doors for how we're essentially the doors for how we're   essentially the doors for how we're going to get into the box. And then the going to get into the box. And then the   going to get into the box. And then the only other thing that is mentioned in only other thing that is mentioned in   only other thing that is mentioned in this guide on how to set it up that I've this guide on how to set it up that I've   this guide on how to set it up that I've already set up is the SSH key. This is already set up is the SSH key. This is   already set up is the SSH key. This is basically the password to log into your basically the password to log into your   basically the password to log into your virtual server. Volumes, firewalls, virtual server. Volumes, firewalls,   virtual server. Volumes, firewalls, backups, nothing to worry about here. backups, nothing to worry about here.   backups, nothing to worry about here. Um, and sorry, just one question on SSH Um, and sorry, just one question on SSH   Um, and sorry, just one question on SSH key. Is that effectively the is that the key. Is that effectively the is that the   key. Is that effectively the is that the key that key that   key that &gt;&gt; other applications are using to get into &gt;&gt; other applications are using to get into   &gt;&gt; other applications are using to get into the server? Like who like who uses the the server? Like who like who uses the   the server? Like who like who uses the SSH key in this context? Yeah. So the SSH key in this context? Yeah. So the   SSH key in this context? Yeah. So the SSH key is basically a password between SSH key is basically a password between   SSH key is basically a password between your computer and the virtual server. your computer and the virtual server.   your computer and the virtual server. &gt;&gt; I see. &gt;&gt; I see.   &gt;&gt; I see. &gt;&gt; And in theory when you're open to the &gt;&gt; And in theory when you're open to the   &gt;&gt; And in theory when you're open to the open internet anything can happen. But open internet anything can happen. But   open internet anything can happen. But in theory that makes it secure so that in theory that makes it secure so that   in theory that makes it secure so that you can SSH and actually like log into you can SSH and actually like log into   you can SSH and actually like log into and then have a terminal that's inside and then have a terminal that's inside   and then have a terminal that's inside that virtual server and only you can do that virtual server and only you can do   that virtual server and only you can do that. Now that. Now   that. Now &gt;&gt; keeping anything on the open internet is &gt;&gt; keeping anything on the open internet is   &gt;&gt; keeping anything on the open internet is scary. So, we're going to want to lock scary. So, we're going to want to lock   scary. So, we're going to want to lock it down, but this is kind of that first it down, but this is kind of that first   it down, but this is kind of that first security measure to give you a password security measure to give you a password   security measure to give you a password to try and block people from logging to try and block people from logging   to try and block people from logging into your machine. into your machine.   into your machine. &gt;&gt; Cool. &gt;&gt; Cool.   &gt;&gt; Cool. &gt;&gt; Volumes, firewalls, backups, placement &gt;&gt; Volumes, firewalls, backups, placement   &gt;&gt; Volumes, firewalls, backups, placement groups, labels, all those we can skip groups, labels, all those we can skip   groups, labels, all those we can skip down to here. Alex, do you have a cool down to here. Alex, do you have a cool   down to here. Alex, do you have a cool name for this open claw? name for this open claw?   name for this open claw? &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; Um,   &gt;&gt; Um, I can't use Jarvis. Let's use Ron. I can't use Jarvis. Let's use Ron.   I can't use Jarvis. Let's use Ron. &gt;&gt; Love it. Ron open claw. &gt;&gt; Love it. Ron open claw.   &gt;&gt; Love it. Ron open claw. Sweet. Sweet.   Sweet. So now that we have him set up, I'm So now that we have him set up, I'm   So now that we have him set up, I'm missing something I can tell. Oh, I missing something I can tell. Oh, I   missing something I can tell. Oh, I didn't click up here. Great. We have didn't click up here. Great. We have   didn't click up here. Great. We have that selected. And so basically for you that selected. And so basically for you   that selected. And so basically for you to you you paid for the second tier. You to you you paid for the second tier. You   to you you paid for the second tier. You said that the user could pay for the said that the user could pay for the   said that the user could pay for the first tier. That'd probably be enough first tier. That'd probably be enough   first tier. That'd probably be enough RAM, but you just were you played it RAM, but you just were you played it   RAM, but you just were you played it safe, paid for the second one. And safe, paid for the second one. And   safe, paid for the second one. And that's like what? A little over 10 bucks that's like what? A little over 10 bucks   that's like what? A little over 10 bucks a month. a month.   a month. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, this this will come out to &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, this this will come out to   &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, this this will come out to literally $9.99. You can up it. You can literally $9.99. You can up it. You can   literally $9.99. You can up it. You can go bigger, but most use cases, you go bigger, but most use cases, you   go bigger, but most use cases, you really don't need it. Um, it actually really don't need it. Um, it actually   really don't need it. Um, it actually looks like I've run out of my IPs. So, looks like I've run out of my IPs. So,   looks like I've run out of my IPs. So, luckily, I do have a server that is luckily, I do have a server that is   luckily, I do have a server that is already set up that um I have not already set up that um I have not   already set up that um I have not provisioned yet, and that is Jarvis. So, provisioned yet, and that is Jarvis. So,   provisioned yet, and that is Jarvis. So, we're going to use Jarvis here. Um, I'm we're going to use Jarvis here. Um, I'm   we're going to use Jarvis here. Um, I'm actually going to hop in here. actually going to hop in here.   actually going to hop in here. Again, note all these IPs should Again, note all these IPs should   Again, note all these IPs should probably get blurred, but I'm going to probably get blurred, but I'm going to   probably get blurred, but I'm going to hop in here, copy these IPs, and then hop in here, copy these IPs, and then   hop in here, copy these IPs, and then I'm going to hop to this claude. So, one I'm going to hop to this claude. So, one   I'm going to hop to this claude. So, one thing that I would recommend when you're thing that I would recommend when you're   thing that I would recommend when you're setting this stuff up is to actually setting this stuff up is to actually   setting this stuff up is to actually have a documentation folder on your have a documentation folder on your   have a documentation folder on your local computer. Your local computer is local computer. Your local computer is   local computer. Your local computer is going to be how you're connecting to going to be how you're connecting to   going to be how you're connecting to everything with OpenClaw through SSH. everything with OpenClaw through SSH.   everything with OpenClaw through SSH. And again, that's just logging into your And again, that's just logging into your   And again, that's just logging into your server so that you can run commands on server so that you can run commands on   server so that you can run commands on it. If you're not familiar with cloud it. If you're not familiar with cloud   it. If you're not familiar with cloud code, this might be a great time to try. code, this might be a great time to try.   code, this might be a great time to try. I know we already have a bunch of I know we already have a bunch of   I know we already have a bunch of resources on using Cloud Code, but I'm resources on using Cloud Code, but I'm   resources on using Cloud Code, but I'm going to use Cloud Code here to actually going to use Cloud Code here to actually   going to use Cloud Code here to actually help me do the setup. This guide that we help me do the setup. This guide that we   help me do the setup. This guide that we have back here, I've already copy and have back here, I've already copy and   have back here, I've already copy and pasted and I've given it to Claude to pasted and I've given it to Claude to   pasted and I've given it to Claude to say, say,   say, you know, Claude's complimenting the you know, Claude's complimenting the   you know, Claude's complimenting the chef, I guess, but um I gave it all the chef, I guess, but um I gave it all the   chef, I guess, but um I gave it all the instructions and what we want to do. So, instructions and what we want to do. So,   instructions and what we want to do. So, I'm going to paste in that information I'm going to paste in that information   I'm going to paste in that information about um my IP address and the name of about um my IP address and the name of   about um my IP address and the name of the box. And I'm going to say great, set the box. And I'm going to say great, set   the box. And I'm going to say great, set this up and tell me when we this up and tell me when we   this up and tell me when we are able to SSH into the VPS. This is are able to SSH into the VPS. This is   are able to SSH into the VPS. This is essentially saying, "All right, Claude, essentially saying, "All right, Claude,   essentially saying, "All right, Claude, I need you to log into this. Here are I need you to log into this. Here are   I need you to log into this. Here are the credentials. You're going to go in. the credentials. You're going to go in.   the credentials. You're going to go in. You're going to lock it down and it's You're going to lock it down and it's   You're going to lock it down and it's going to set up all of those security going to set up all of those security   going to set up all of those security protocols that were already um listed protocols that were already um listed   protocols that were already um listed above. Great. above. Great.   above. Great. &gt;&gt; And and just a question here, how does &gt;&gt; And and just a question here, how does   &gt;&gt; And and just a question here, how does it know cuz I basically see okay, you it know cuz I basically see okay, you   it know cuz I basically see okay, you set up your VPS, you you have the IP, set up your VPS, you you have the IP,   set up your VPS, you you have the IP, you have the information about like I you have the information about like I   you have the information about like I see you have the name, you have the IP, see you have the name, you have the IP,   see you have the name, you have the IP, you give that to Claude and you say tell you give that to Claude and you say tell   you give that to Claude and you say tell me when we were able to SSH into the me when we were able to SSH into the   me when we were able to SSH into the VPS. Basically, when can my computer get VPS. Basically, when can my computer get   VPS. Basically, when can my computer get access to the virtual computer? How does access to the virtual computer? How does   access to the virtual computer? How does it know here? Where did you give it the it know here? Where did you give it the   it know here? Where did you give it the direction to like start hardening? Uh is direction to like start hardening? Uh is   direction to like start hardening? Uh is is that just using the walk through? is that just using the walk through?   is that just using the walk through? Like basically the walkthrough you Like basically the walkthrough you   Like basically the walkthrough you provided it. It's just going on to the provided it. It's just going on to the   provided it. It's just going on to the next step of the walk through. next step of the walk through.   next step of the walk through. &gt;&gt; Yep. So Claude didn't exactly do what I &gt;&gt; Yep. So Claude didn't exactly do what I   &gt;&gt; Yep. So Claude didn't exactly do what I wanted it to here, but that's fine. wanted it to here, but that's fine.   wanted it to here, but that's fine. Right now, all it did was it tried to Right now, all it did was it tried to   Right now, all it did was it tried to make sure that we're able to SSH into make sure that we're able to SSH into   make sure that we're able to SSH into the machine. It looks like we're good to the machine. It looks like we're good to   the machine. It looks like we're good to the box is live. It's here. We can the box is live. It's here. We can   the box is live. It's here. We can access it. Then the next thing it's access it. Then the next thing it's   access it. Then the next thing it's asking me is if we want to set up tail asking me is if we want to set up tail   asking me is if we want to set up tail scale. Tail scale basically gives you scale. Tail scale basically gives you   scale. Tail scale basically gives you your own private internet. Um it's your own private internet. Um it's   your own private internet. Um it's secure and it allows you to connect to secure and it allows you to connect to   secure and it allows you to connect to different machines without being different machines without being   different machines without being accessible from the public internet. accessible from the public internet.   accessible from the public internet. This is kind of stage one of security This is kind of stage one of security   This is kind of stage one of security where we really want to isolate that VPS where we really want to isolate that VPS   where we really want to isolate that VPS and your computer so that no one just and your computer so that no one just   and your computer so that no one just out in the wild can actually access your out in the wild can actually access your   out in the wild can actually access your server or any of the data on it with server or any of the data on it with   server or any of the data on it with your open claw. your open claw.   your open claw. love it. So, I'm going to ask it to set love it. So, I'm going to ask it to set   love it. So, I'm going to ask it to set up tail scale. It's actually going to up tail scale. It's actually going to   up tail scale. It's actually going to log into that VPS, install tail scale, log into that VPS, install tail scale,   log into that VPS, install tail scale, and then it will shoot me back a link and then it will shoot me back a link   and then it will shoot me back a link where I just have to confirm it. Um, one where I just have to confirm it. Um, one   where I just have to confirm it. Um, one confirmation step after this is confirmation step after this is   confirmation step after this is installed. And then we'll essentially installed. And then we'll essentially   installed. And then we'll essentially have tail scale on the machine. Next have tail scale on the machine. Next   have tail scale on the machine. Next couple steps are going to cut it off couple steps are going to cut it off   couple steps are going to cut it off from the open internet, set it up so from the open internet, set it up so   from the open internet, set it up so that we're only connecting with tail that we're only connecting with tail   that we're only connecting with tail scale and then add some further security scale and then add some further security   scale and then add some further security measures. At that point, we'll be able measures. At that point, we'll be able   measures. At that point, we'll be able to log in and start actually setting up to log in and start actually setting up   to log in and start actually setting up open claw. open claw.   open claw. &gt;&gt; And so just so I understand like when &gt;&gt; And so just so I understand like when   &gt;&gt; And so just so I understand like when you're using tail scale, what I almost you're using tail scale, what I almost   you're using tail scale, what I almost my visual here is that it basically just my visual here is that it basically just   my visual here is that it basically just creates this like safety bubble around creates this like safety bubble around   creates this like safety bubble around your around the open claw. What what your around the open claw. What what   your around the open claw. What what does that mean in practice? uh does it does that mean in practice? uh does it   does that mean in practice? uh does it basically just mean that like maybe you basically just mean that like maybe you   basically just mean that like maybe you have a good example for what tail scale have a good example for what tail scale   have a good example for what tail scale actually does that like in context is actually does that like in context is   actually does that like in context is helpful from a security perspective? helpful from a security perspective?   helpful from a security perspective? &gt;&gt; Mhm. So essentially the way that SSH &gt;&gt; Mhm. So essentially the way that SSH   &gt;&gt; Mhm. So essentially the way that SSH works is it lets us log into the machine works is it lets us log into the machine   works is it lets us log into the machine with that password. But when we're doing with that password. But when we're doing   with that password. But when we're doing that, we're doing that across the open that, we're doing that across the open   that, we're doing that across the open internet, which means that you know this internet, which means that you know this   internet, which means that you know this this virtual private server with its IP this virtual private server with its IP   this virtual private server with its IP address is accessible from the open address is accessible from the open   address is accessible from the open internet. That being said, unless you internet. That being said, unless you   internet. That being said, unless you have the password, you can't get in. But have the password, you can't get in. But   have the password, you can't get in. But I'm certain if we looked at that box, I'm certain if we looked at that box,   I'm certain if we looked at that box, it's probably getting bombarded by bots. it's probably getting bombarded by bots.   it's probably getting bombarded by bots. The second you spin something up, bots The second you spin something up, bots   The second you spin something up, bots try to attack it and they try to get in try to attack it and they try to get in   try to attack it and they try to get in and I've even had VPS's in the past with and I've even had VPS's in the past with   and I've even had VPS's in the past with nothing sensitive on them get kind of nothing sensitive on them get kind of   nothing sensitive on them get kind of compromised in this way. Um, I had a dev compromised in this way. Um, I had a dev   compromised in this way. Um, I had a dev server running once and someone put a server running once and someone put a   server running once and someone put a crypto miner on it and it it became this crypto miner on it and it it became this   crypto miner on it and it it became this whole thing but eventually I was able to whole thing but eventually I was able to   whole thing but eventually I was able to just turn it off. Um but tail scale kind just turn it off. Um but tail scale kind   just turn it off. Um but tail scale kind of from this diagram basically what it of from this diagram basically what it   of from this diagram basically what it does is it makes your virtual server does is it makes your virtual server   does is it makes your virtual server invisible to the public internet. So it invisible to the public internet. So it   invisible to the public internet. So it blocks it out and it makes sure that blocks it out and it makes sure that   blocks it out and it makes sure that only whatever devices you have on your only whatever devices you have on your   only whatever devices you have on your tail scale network can access it and tail scale network can access it and   tail scale network can access it and nothing else can really reach it. Plus nothing else can really reach it. Plus   nothing else can really reach it. Plus it's encrypted and it kind of saves you it's encrypted and it kind of saves you   it's encrypted and it kind of saves you from all just the lowhanging fruit of from all just the lowhanging fruit of   from all just the lowhanging fruit of security issues by having something on security issues by having something on   security issues by having something on the open internet. the open internet.   the open internet. &gt;&gt; Cool. &gt;&gt; Cool.   &gt;&gt; Cool. Sweet. Great. Cloud's giving me the off Sweet. Great. Cloud's giving me the off   Sweet. Great. Cloud's giving me the off link. I'm going to open this real quick. link. I'm going to open this real quick.   link. I'm going to open this real quick. This is probably another place to blur. This is probably another place to blur.   This is probably another place to blur. Great. We're connected. Oh, amazing. And Great. We're connected. Oh, amazing. And   Great. We're connected. Oh, amazing. And Claude's just taking it away. Great. So Claude's just taking it away. Great. So   Claude's just taking it away. Great. So now what's happening here is we actually now what's happening here is we actually   now what's happening here is we actually get a new IP address for Jarvis get a new IP address for Jarvis   get a new IP address for Jarvis that is on the tail scale network as that is on the tail scale network as   that is on the tail scale network as opposed to the open internet. So opposed to the open internet. So   opposed to the open internet. So essentially it's we had an address that essentially it's we had an address that   essentially it's we had an address that was open to everyone. Think of it as the was open to everyone. Think of it as the   was open to everyone. Think of it as the address of your house, but it's on address of your house, but it's on   address of your house, but it's on Google Maps. Google Maps.   Google Maps. Now Jarvis is in a gated community and Now Jarvis is in a gated community and   Now Jarvis is in a gated community and no one else knows who he where he lives no one else knows who he where he lives   no one else knows who he where he lives except for the other people in the except for the other people in the   except for the other people in the community. No one in the public knows community. No one in the public knows   community. No one in the public knows this address or can even access it. this address or can even access it.   this address or can even access it. &gt;&gt; Love it. Great. It's like that gated &gt;&gt; Love it. Great. It's like that gated   &gt;&gt; Love it. Great. It's like that gated community in the Bahamas where all the community in the Bahamas where all the   community in the Bahamas where all the celebrities live and no one else knows celebrities live and no one else knows   celebrities live and no one else knows who's there other than the other who's there other than the other   who's there other than the other celebrities. celebrities.   celebrities. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Jarvis. Jarvis is a celebrity &gt;&gt; Exactly. Jarvis. Jarvis is a celebrity   &gt;&gt; Exactly. Jarvis. Jarvis is a celebrity now. now.   now. Cool. Going to try and log into him Cool. Going to try and log into him   Cool. Going to try and log into him here. In the meantime, kind of want to here. In the meantime, kind of want to   here. In the meantime, kind of want to hop to some of these other concepts and hop to some of these other concepts and   hop to some of these other concepts and just like best practices to harden the just like best practices to harden the   just like best practices to harden the server and what we're going to do here. server and what we're going to do here.   server and what we're going to do here. I don't think we're going to go through I don't think we're going to go through   I don't think we're going to go through all of these just to avoid all the all of these just to avoid all the   all of these just to avoid all the config and setup and hoops to jump config and setup and hoops to jump   config and setup and hoops to jump through, but unfortunately, you do kind through, but unfortunately, you do kind   through, but unfortunately, you do kind of have to take those steps to actually of have to take those steps to actually   of have to take those steps to actually make this truly secure. All of these make this truly secure. All of these   make this truly secure. All of these steps are kind of classic cyber security steps are kind of classic cyber security   steps are kind of classic cyber security principles. And one thing I even like to principles. And one thing I even like to   principles. And one thing I even like to do occasionally is I run a codeex and I do occasionally is I run a codeex and I   do occasionally is I run a codeex and I say codeex say codeex   say codeex red team these boxes. Try and get in. red team these boxes. Try and get in.   red team these boxes. Try and get in. Try and break in. Find any security flaw Try and break in. Find any security flaw   Try and break in. Find any security flaw you can. And it's actually been really you can. And it's actually been really   you can. And it's actually been really good at saying hey I wasn't able to get good at saying hey I wasn't able to get   good at saying hey I wasn't able to get in but here's a place where you have a in but here's a place where you have a   in but here's a place where you have a lot of attack surface and here's how you lot of attack surface and here's how you   lot of attack surface and here's how you can harden it. Um and I'm no, you know, can harden it. Um and I'm no, you know,   can harden it. Um and I'm no, you know, expert in the security stuff. I know the expert in the security stuff. I know the   expert in the security stuff. I know the basics, but it's been really helpful in basics, but it's been really helpful in   basics, but it's been really helpful in giving me confidence that we've fully giving me confidence that we've fully   giving me confidence that we've fully secured this VPS and that no one else secured this VPS and that no one else   secured this VPS and that no one else can get it. can get it.   can get it. &gt;&gt; So, we're going to show the share this &gt;&gt; So, we're going to show the share this   &gt;&gt; So, we're going to show the share this in the show notes, but just because I in the show notes, but just because I   in the show notes, but just because I know you're going you don't want to go know you're going you don't want to go   know you're going you don't want to go deep in all of the security hardening deep in all of the security hardening   deep in all of the security hardening stuff for someone like I saw one of the stuff for someone like I saw one of the   stuff for someone like I saw one of the things is automatic security updates. things is automatic security updates.   things is automatic security updates. Another one is firewall. How should Another one is firewall. How should   Another one is firewall. How should people be setting this up since you're people be setting this up since you're   people be setting this up since you're not going through each one right now? Is not going through each one right now? Is   not going through each one right now? Is it literally as simple as just like if it literally as simple as just like if   it literally as simple as just like if they tell Claude to ingest this guide they tell Claude to ingest this guide   they tell Claude to ingest this guide and do it, Claude will take them through and do it, Claude will take them through   and do it, Claude will take them through all the steps? all the steps?   all the steps? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I think um we can probably &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I think um we can probably   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I think um we can probably go live basically right here. But um as go live basically right here. But um as   go live basically right here. But um as far as these security things go, we far as these security things go, we   far as these security things go, we won't go through line by line, nor am I won't go through line by line, nor am I   won't go through line by line, nor am I even going to have Claude set these up even going to have Claude set these up   even going to have Claude set these up on the one we just set up. But overall, on the one we just set up. But overall,   on the one we just set up. But overall, if you give these kind of guides and if you give these kind of guides and   if you give these kind of guides and descriptions, Claude will actually set descriptions, Claude will actually set   descriptions, Claude will actually set this up. And this includes a lot of this up. And this includes a lot of   this up. And this includes a lot of hardening. So you can kind of see in hardening. So you can kind of see in   hardening. So you can kind of see in this diagram here that we have your VPS, this diagram here that we have your VPS,   this diagram here that we have your VPS, this tail scale network, it's going to this tail scale network, it's going to   this tail scale network, it's going to block it off from the public internet. block it off from the public internet.   block it off from the public internet. This firewall is even going to further This firewall is even going to further   This firewall is even going to further block any public inbound traffic. We're block any public inbound traffic. We're   block any public inbound traffic. We're going to lock it down with SSH going to lock it down with SSH   going to lock it down with SSH hardening. This is going to give you hardening. This is going to give you   hardening. This is going to give you keys only. It's going to make sure that keys only. It's going to make sure that   keys only. It's going to make sure that traffic can only go from your computer traffic can only go from your computer   traffic can only go from your computer to the machine. Other machines can't to the machine. Other machines can't   to the machine. Other machines can't access each other. We're going to have access each other. We're going to have   access each other. We're going to have some intrusion prevention. Basically, if some intrusion prevention. Basically, if   some intrusion prevention. Basically, if some public address tries to get in, um, some public address tries to get in, um,   some public address tries to get in, um, we're going to use this package that we're going to use this package that   we're going to use this package that automatically bans IP addresses. And automatically bans IP addresses. And   automatically bans IP addresses. And we're going to set up auto updates on we're going to set up auto updates on   we're going to set up auto updates on the box so that if any new operating the box so that if any new operating   the box so that if any new operating system updates come out, it just system updates come out, it just   system updates come out, it just automatically stays up to date. Um, automatically stays up to date. Um,   automatically stays up to date. Um, classic security principle. No, no classic security principle. No, no   classic security principle. No, no single layer is bulletproof. So, we're single layer is bulletproof. So, we're   single layer is bulletproof. So, we're just going to layer them on and make just going to layer them on and make   just going to layer them on and make sure that this is fully secure. And sure that this is fully secure. And   sure that this is fully secure. And hopefully these instructions are easy hopefully these instructions are easy   hopefully these instructions are easy enough to just lob to Claude and have it enough to just lob to Claude and have it   enough to just lob to Claude and have it set everything up for you. And then you set everything up for you. And then you   set everything up for you. And then you kind of come out the end with a VPS kind of come out the end with a VPS   kind of come out the end with a VPS that's fully provisioned and secure that that's fully provisioned and secure that   that's fully provisioned and secure that only you can access. only you can access.   only you can access. &gt;&gt; Love it. &gt;&gt; Love it.   &gt;&gt; Love it. Now we're on to the fun stuff. Now we're on to the fun stuff.   Now we're on to the fun stuff. [laughter] [laughter]   [laughter] Um, it's time for Ron. Um, it's time for Ron.   Um, it's time for Ron. &gt;&gt; It's time for Ron. We're going to bring &gt;&gt; It's time for Ron. We're going to bring   &gt;&gt; It's time for Ron. We're going to bring Ron online. So what I usually do in this Ron online. So what I usually do in this   Ron online. So what I usually do in this step is I'll have Claude handle step is I'll have Claude handle   step is I'll have Claude handle installing OpenClaw, installing the installing OpenClaw, installing the   installing OpenClaw, installing the dependencies, making sure that we have dependencies, making sure that we have   dependencies, making sure that we have node on the um server just so that we node on the um server just so that we   node on the um server just so that we have everything to go or everything that have everything to go or everything that   have everything to go or everything that we need to actually run openclaw. And we need to actually run openclaw. And   we need to actually run openclaw. And then I'm going to log in and do the then I'm going to log in and do the   then I'm going to log in and do the onboarding. onboarding.   onboarding. &gt;&gt; And uh my my my friend was wondering &gt;&gt; And uh my my my friend was wondering   &gt;&gt; And uh my my my friend was wondering what is node? Uh, node is just um it's what is node? Uh, node is just um it's   what is node? Uh, node is just um it's just a fancy thing that runs code that just a fancy thing that runs code that   just a fancy thing that runs code that openclaw needs. Um, it's just a openclaw needs. Um, it's just a   openclaw needs. Um, it's just a javascript javascript runtime that um javascript javascript runtime that um   javascript javascript runtime that um lets you use javascript [clears throat] lets you use javascript [clears throat]   lets you use javascript [clears throat] code. Um, openclaw is written in code. Um, openclaw is written in   code. Um, openclaw is written in typescript. So, it needs something on typescript. So, it needs something on   typescript. So, it needs something on that server. Think of this computer that that server. Think of this computer that   that server. Think of this computer that we just bought this VPS as a brand new we just bought this VPS as a brand new   we just bought this VPS as a brand new computer that just came into this world computer that just came into this world   computer that just came into this world and it has nothing on it. So, we have to and it has nothing on it. So, we have to   and it has nothing on it. So, we have to install all the dependencies first. install all the dependencies first.   install all the dependencies first. Cool. I'm going to say skip the security Cool. I'm going to say skip the security   Cool. I'm going to say skip the security for now. Log in and set up node and open for now. Log in and set up node and open   for now. Log in and set up node and open claw. claw.   claw. Don't run setup or onboarding commands. Don't run setup or onboarding commands.   Don't run setup or onboarding commands. Just install it. Great. And then over Just install it. Great. And then over   Just install it. Great. And then over here, I'm going to SSH into Jarvis. This here, I'm going to SSH into Jarvis. This   here, I'm going to SSH into Jarvis. This is actually going to give us a terminal is actually going to give us a terminal   is actually going to give us a terminal inside Jarvis. So, we're actually on inside Jarvis. So, we're actually on   inside Jarvis. So, we're actually on that machine, which is pretty cool. In that machine, which is pretty cool. In   that machine, which is pretty cool. In here, we can run commands. We can work here, we can run commands. We can work   here, we can run commands. We can work with OpenClaw. We're actually going to with OpenClaw. We're actually going to   with OpenClaw. We're actually going to run the OpenClaw kind of CLI interface run the OpenClaw kind of CLI interface   run the OpenClaw kind of CLI interface and chat with the bot as we get it set and chat with the bot as we get it set   and chat with the bot as we get it set up. And this will take a second over up. And this will take a second over   up. And this will take a second over here. There's a nice little install here. There's a nice little install   here. There's a nice little install script from OpenClaw that automatically script from OpenClaw that automatically   script from OpenClaw that automatically installs all the dependencies. Um, installs all the dependencies. Um,   installs all the dependencies. Um, &gt;&gt; love it. &gt;&gt; love it.   &gt;&gt; love it. &gt;&gt; I have that link. &gt;&gt; I have that link.   &gt;&gt; I have that link. &gt;&gt; And for that, like did you did you have &gt;&gt; And for that, like did you did you have   &gt;&gt; And for that, like did you did you have to feed from your doc into Claude what to feed from your doc into Claude what   to feed from your doc into Claude what these install scripts were or is Claude these install scripts were or is Claude   these install scripts were or is Claude able to just find them? This started as able to just find them? This started as   able to just find them? This started as a battle of me going online and trying a battle of me going online and trying   a battle of me going online and trying to figure everything out. And then you to figure everything out. And then you   to figure everything out. And then you can see at the top, if I scroll all the can see at the top, if I scroll all the   can see at the top, if I scroll all the way up to the top of this chat, I way up to the top of this chat, I   way up to the top of this chat, I actually dumped the whole guide into it. actually dumped the whole guide into it.   actually dumped the whole guide into it. So, it knows all these steps from this So, it knows all these steps from this   So, it knows all these steps from this guide. Um, and that's been super helpful guide. Um, and that's been super helpful   guide. Um, and that's been super helpful to me in just to me in just   to me in just &gt;&gt; spinning up new ones quickly. &gt;&gt; spinning up new ones quickly.   &gt;&gt; spinning up new ones quickly. &gt;&gt; But it I will say the first time I set &gt;&gt; But it I will say the first time I set   &gt;&gt; But it I will say the first time I set it up, it was a bit of a maze. And it up, it was a bit of a maze. And   it up, it was a bit of a maze. And that's what we're here for today. We that's what we're here for today. We   that's what we're here for today. We want to get everyone watching set up as want to get everyone watching set up as   want to get everyone watching set up as fast as possible. fast as possible.   fast as possible. &gt;&gt; Awesome. &gt;&gt; Awesome.   &gt;&gt; Awesome. Sweet. So, we're in. We can now hatch Sweet. So, we're in. We can now hatch   Sweet. So, we're in. We can now hatch Ron/Jarvis. Ron/Jarvis.   Ron/Jarvis. &gt;&gt; I was going to say Ron's going through &gt;&gt; I was going to say Ron's going through   &gt;&gt; I was going to say Ron's going through an identity crisis ever since you had to an identity crisis ever since you had to   an identity crisis ever since you had to switch uh switch who he was in Tail switch uh switch who he was in Tail   switch uh switch who he was in Tail Scale, but I'm going to keep calling him Scale, but I'm going to keep calling him   Scale, but I'm going to keep calling him Ron. Ron.   Ron. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we'll go we'll go with Ron. We can &gt;&gt; Yeah, we'll go we'll go with Ron. We can   &gt;&gt; Yeah, we'll go we'll go with Ron. We can actually you get to name him. So, actually you get to name him. So,   actually you get to name him. So, um, there is a thing. It's probably not um, there is a thing. It's probably not   um, there is a thing. It's probably not going to show here, but they refer to it going to show here, but they refer to it   going to show here, but they refer to it as being hatched. as being hatched.   as being hatched. Yeah, it doesn't say on that setup Yeah, it doesn't say on that setup   Yeah, it doesn't say on that setup command, but when you first install command, but when you first install   command, but when you first install OpenClaw, it says, "How do you want to OpenClaw, it says, "How do you want to   OpenClaw, it says, "How do you want to hatch your claw?" hatch your claw?"   hatch your claw?" &gt;&gt; I love it. &gt;&gt; I love it.   &gt;&gt; I love it. &gt;&gt; So, we're going to hatch him. There's a &gt;&gt; So, we're going to hatch him. There's a   &gt;&gt; So, we're going to hatch him. There's a quick command called OpenClaw onboard. quick command called OpenClaw onboard.   quick command called OpenClaw onboard. I'm actually just going to zoom in here. I'm actually just going to zoom in here.   I'm actually just going to zoom in here. It's going to ask us a couple questions. It's going to ask us a couple questions.   It's going to ask us a couple questions. It's going to get us set up with our It's going to get us set up with our   It's going to get us set up with our account and then we're going to be off account and then we're going to be off   account and then we're going to be off to the races. to the races.   to the races. &gt;&gt; And just so for someone who's setting up &gt;&gt; And just so for someone who's setting up   &gt;&gt; And just so for someone who's setting up OpenClaw in lockep with you, do they OpenClaw in lockep with you, do they   OpenClaw in lockep with you, do they have to go do they have to basically go have to go do they have to basically go   have to go do they have to basically go in their terminal and do this command, in their terminal and do this command,   in their terminal and do this command, this OpenClaw onboard command within the this OpenClaw onboard command within the   this OpenClaw onboard command within the VPS or could you just have Claude do VPS or could you just have Claude do   VPS or could you just have Claude do this? this?   this? &gt;&gt; You have to do it in the VPS. So, you're &gt;&gt; You have to do it in the VPS. So, you're   &gt;&gt; You have to do it in the VPS. So, you're going to want to install it on the on going to want to install it on the on   going to want to install it on the on the VPS, log into it, and then run this. the VPS, log into it, and then run this.   the VPS, log into it, and then run this. This does take a second to boot up. And This does take a second to boot up. And   This does take a second to boot up. And then the reason you're going to want to then the reason you're going to want to   then the reason you're going to want to run this on the VPS and then go through run this on the VPS and then go through   run this on the VPS and then go through the steps there is because you need to the steps there is because you need to   the steps there is because you need to log into a few things. You need to make log into a few things. You need to make   log into a few things. You need to make sure that everything is set up. And sure that everything is set up. And   sure that everything is set up. And honestly, the onboarding is kind of fun. honestly, the onboarding is kind of fun.   honestly, the onboarding is kind of fun. You can just make config files and throw You can just make config files and throw   You can just make config files and throw them on the machine and it'll work. But them on the machine and it'll work. But   them on the machine and it'll work. But I actually quite like the experience of I actually quite like the experience of   I actually quite like the experience of going through and chatting with it the going through and chatting with it the   going through and chatting with it the first time to make sure it understands first time to make sure it understands   first time to make sure it understands who it is, who I am, and what we're who it is, who I am, and what we're   who it is, who I am, and what we're going to set up. going to set up.   going to set up. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep.   &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Cool. Always recommend onboarding mode, &gt;&gt; Cool. Always recommend onboarding mode,   &gt;&gt; Cool. Always recommend onboarding mode, quick start. Then you've got a ton of quick start. Then you've got a ton of   quick start. Then you've got a ton of model providers to choose from. Um, I've model providers to choose from. Um, I've   model providers to choose from. Um, I've been clawed through and through, but been clawed through and through, but   been clawed through and through, but recently with the codeex ooth and the recently with the codeex ooth and the   recently with the codeex ooth and the codeex rate limits, like the actual codeex rate limits, like the actual   codeex rate limits, like the actual token limits that you get, I've been token limits that you get, I've been   token limits that you get, I've been preferring those for my open clause just preferring those for my open clause just   preferring those for my open clause just because I can get so much more usage. because I can get so much more usage.   because I can get so much more usage. Um, so I'm going to log in here with a Um, so I'm going to log in here with a   Um, so I'm going to log in here with a codeex token. Essentially, all of these codeex token. Essentially, all of these   codeex token. Essentially, all of these are going to look roughly like this are going to look roughly like this   are going to look roughly like this where you get some where you get some   where you get some URL to go to and then you're going to URL to go to and then you're going to   URL to go to and then you're going to log into whatever account you chose. log into whatever account you chose.   log into whatever account you chose. Then you're going to come back here and Then you're going to come back here and   Then you're going to come back here and paste some token. So, I'm going to hop paste some token. So, I'm going to hop   paste some token. So, I'm going to hop to this link. Once you're logged in, to this link. Once you're logged in,   to this link. Once you're logged in, you'll get a link. This is going to be a you'll get a link. This is going to be a   you'll get a link. This is going to be a redirect link and it's not going to work redirect link and it's not going to work   redirect link and it's not going to work on your computer because it's trying to on your computer because it's trying to   on your computer because it's trying to redirect to the link that actually came redirect to the link that actually came   redirect to the link that actually came from the other machine and your browser from the other machine and your browser   from the other machine and your browser and your computer can't exactly talk and your computer can't exactly talk   and your computer can't exactly talk between each other like that. So, we're between each other like that. So, we're   between each other like that. So, we're just going to copy this link and we're just going to copy this link and we're   just going to copy this link and we're actually going to give this back to the actually going to give this back to the   actually going to give this back to the open claw here. It's going to take that open claw here. It's going to take that   open claw here. It's going to take that redirect and get everything set up. You redirect and get everything set up. You   redirect and get everything set up. You can choose a model. can choose a model.   can choose a model. &gt;&gt; Is there a model that you recommend? &gt;&gt; Is there a model that you recommend?   &gt;&gt; Is there a model that you recommend? Yeah, I mean 5.3 codeex seems to work Yeah, I mean 5.3 codeex seems to work   Yeah, I mean 5.3 codeex seems to work really well in this open claw harness. I really well in this open claw harness. I   really well in this open claw harness. I did set one up with an anthropic API key did set one up with an anthropic API key   did set one up with an anthropic API key and opus I think is Opus is the goat in and opus I think is Opus is the goat in   and opus I think is Opus is the goat in agentic environments, but the problem agentic environments, but the problem   agentic environments, but the problem right now is just price. You can't use right now is just price. You can't use   right now is just price. You can't use your cloud code subscription and you're your cloud code subscription and you're   your cloud code subscription and you're paying a massive API price. So for me, paying a massive API price. So for me,   paying a massive API price. So for me, 5.3 codeex does fine. And it's I I can't 5.3 codeex does fine. And it's I I can't   5.3 codeex does fine. And it's I I can't hit my codeex usage if I want to. hit my codeex usage if I want to.   hit my codeex usage if I want to. &gt;&gt; Cool. &gt;&gt; Cool.   &gt;&gt; Cool. &gt;&gt; Now we get to set up our first channel. &gt;&gt; Now we get to set up our first channel.   &gt;&gt; Now we get to set up our first channel. We're going to do Telegram. We're going to do Telegram.   We're going to do Telegram. And then what's really cool is you get And then what's really cool is you get   And then what's really cool is you get some steps here. You're going to open some steps here. You're going to open   some steps here. You're going to open Telegram and actually message this Telegram and actually message this   Telegram and actually message this account called BotFather. And BotFather account called BotFather. And BotFather   account called BotFather. And BotFather is going to get you set up with the is going to get you set up with the   is going to get you set up with the Telegram integration. Telegram integration.   Telegram integration. So, I'm going to hop over to my So, I'm going to hop over to my   So, I'm going to hop over to my Telegram, and I've already got a Telegram, and I've already got a   Telegram, and I've already got a conversation with BotFather, conversation with BotFather,   conversation with BotFather, and I'm going to say slashnewbot. and I'm going to say slashnewbot.   and I'm going to say slashnewbot. Is Botfather owned by OpenClaw, or is Is Botfather owned by OpenClaw, or is   Is Botfather owned by OpenClaw, or is this like a this like a   this like a uh like a third-party uh like a third-party   uh like a third-party uh Telegram bot that just like people uh Telegram bot that just like people   uh Telegram bot that just like people use as a service, use as a service,   use as a service, &gt;&gt; you know? I'm not sure. I in my head it &gt;&gt; you know? I'm not sure. I in my head it   &gt;&gt; you know? I'm not sure. I in my head it was open. it was open claw. But thinking was open. it was open claw. But thinking   was open. it was open claw. But thinking about it now, I don't know if that makes about it now, I don't know if that makes   about it now, I don't know if that makes sense. I don't know if there's sense. I don't know if there's   sense. I don't know if there's &gt;&gt; honestly I was Yeah, that's why that's &gt;&gt; honestly I was Yeah, that's why that's   &gt;&gt; honestly I was Yeah, that's why that's why I was curious. I was I saw 5.9 why I was curious. I was I saw 5.9   why I was curious. I was I saw 5.9 million uh monthly users and I was million uh monthly users and I was   million uh monthly users and I was curious if those are all OpenClaw or curious if those are all OpenClaw or   curious if those are all OpenClaw or other other people. other other people.   other other people. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I have no idea. I mean, this &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I have no idea. I mean, this   &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I have no idea. I mean, this this has enough functionality that I bet this has enough functionality that I bet   this has enough functionality that I bet it might just be a Telegram thing. it might just be a Telegram thing.   it might just be a Telegram thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, cool. &gt;&gt; Yeah, cool.   &gt;&gt; Yeah, cool. &gt;&gt; So, we're choosing a name for the bot. &gt;&gt; So, we're choosing a name for the bot.   &gt;&gt; So, we're choosing a name for the bot. &gt;&gt; Ron, &gt;&gt; Ron,   &gt;&gt; Ron, &gt;&gt; it's going to be Ron. &gt;&gt; it's going to be Ron.   &gt;&gt; it's going to be Ron. Now you have to pick a like a username Now you have to pick a like a username   Now you have to pick a like a username for it that ends in bot. I found that for it that ends in bot. I found that   for it that ends in bot. I found that most of these are taken. So we're going most of these are taken. So we're going   most of these are taken. So we're going to do to do   to do &gt;&gt; Ron Ron Johnbot. Ron Johnbot. &gt;&gt; Ron Ron Johnbot. Ron Johnbot.   &gt;&gt; Ron Ron Johnbot. Ron Johnbot. &gt;&gt; I Ron John bot's got to be taken. &gt;&gt; I Ron John bot's got to be taken.   &gt;&gt; I Ron John bot's got to be taken. &gt;&gt; Wow. We got Ron John. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Wow. We got Ron John. [laughter]   &gt;&gt; Wow. We got Ron John. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Awesome. Cool. So now we get this token. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Cool. So now we get this token.   &gt;&gt; Awesome. Cool. So now we get this token. And this token is what actually lets us And this token is what actually lets us   And this token is what actually lets us use this to hook up our open claw to use this to hook up our open claw to   use this to hook up our open claw to Telegram. So I'm going to take this Telegram. So I'm going to take this   Telegram. So I'm going to take this token and I'm going to put it here. token and I'm going to put it here.   token and I'm going to put it here. That's our bot token. That's our bot token.   That's our bot token. And it looks like it worked fine there. And it looks like it worked fine there.   And it looks like it worked fine there. Great. Great.   Great. Now we're on to some of the config Now we're on to some of the config   Now we're on to some of the config stuff. So skills are super super helpful stuff. So skills are super super helpful   stuff. So skills are super super helpful in OpenClaw environments. Um, I kind of in OpenClaw environments. Um, I kind of   in OpenClaw environments. Um, I kind of skip them only because Peter has set up skip them only because Peter has set up   skip them only because Peter has set up so [snorts] many of these integrations so [snorts] many of these integrations   so [snorts] many of these integrations with either pieces of software that he's with either pieces of software that he's   with either pieces of software that he's worked closely with or exist or that worked closely with or exist or that   worked closely with or exist or that he's built himself. And a lot of these I he's built himself. And a lot of these I   he's built himself. And a lot of these I personally don't use or don't need. personally don't use or don't need.   personally don't use or don't need. Sometimes I set up the GitHub one. One Sometimes I set up the GitHub one. One   Sometimes I set up the GitHub one. One time I set up the Nano Banana one just time I set up the Nano Banana one just   time I set up the Nano Banana one just because I wanted it to send me more because I wanted it to send me more   because I wanted it to send me more pictures. But generally, I skip this pictures. But generally, I skip this   pictures. But generally, I skip this because you can always come back to it because you can always come back to it   because you can always come back to it and add the skills when you want and how and add the skills when you want and how   and add the skills when you want and how you want them. you want them.   you want them. &gt;&gt; And just to clearly break this down, &gt;&gt; And just to clearly break this down,   &gt;&gt; And just to clearly break this down, these skills that um the creator of Open these skills that um the creator of Open   these skills that um the creator of Open Claw created, like how should someone be Claw created, like how should someone be   Claw created, like how should someone be thinking about these? Like for example, thinking about these? Like for example,   thinking about these? Like for example, the Nano Banana Pro skill, what does the Nano Banana Pro skill, what does   the Nano Banana Pro skill, what does that actually do in practice? What does that actually do in practice? What does   that actually do in practice? What does that allow you to do? Yeah, any of these that allow you to do? Yeah, any of these   that allow you to do? Yeah, any of these skill files are just a markdown file skill files are just a markdown file   skill files are just a markdown file that kind of lay out that kind of lay out   that kind of lay out a a specific workflow or how to use a a a specific workflow or how to use a   a a specific workflow or how to use a tool and tool and   tool and kind of give the the agent guidance. kind of give the the agent guidance.   kind of give the the agent guidance. Almost think of it as like Almost think of it as like   Almost think of it as like for a human it would be a set of for a human it would be a set of   for a human it would be a set of instructions or a YouTube tutorial. For instructions or a YouTube tutorial. For   instructions or a YouTube tutorial. For the agent, it's just like a markdown the agent, it's just like a markdown   the agent, it's just like a markdown file. So there's all these like file. So there's all these like   file. So there's all these like different integrations that it can use different integrations that it can use   different integrations that it can use and work with and do things for you with and work with and do things for you with   and work with and do things for you with these tools. I much prefer rolling with these tools. I much prefer rolling with   these tools. I much prefer rolling with no skills at the start and then per claw no skills at the start and then per claw   no skills at the start and then per claw depending on what we're doing. I kind of depending on what we're doing. I kind of   depending on what we're doing. I kind of walk through a manual workflow. You walk through a manual workflow. You   walk through a manual workflow. You know, let's say we're we're working on know, let's say we're we're working on   know, let's say we're we're working on some project and we're doing a GitHub some project and we're doing a GitHub   some project and we're doing a GitHub PR. PR.   PR. I I would walk it through. Okay, you're I I would walk it through. Okay, you're   I I would walk it through. Okay, you're gonna make your changes. You're going to gonna make your changes. You're going to   gonna make your changes. You're going to push them. Then that's actually going to push them. Then that's actually going to   push them. Then that's actually going to show up in a preview deployment just show up in a preview deployment just   show up in a preview deployment just like a a preview environment. It's not like a a preview environment. It's not   like a a preview environment. It's not deployed on production, but it's deployed on production, but it's   deployed on production, but it's somewhere where you can test. Then you somewhere where you can test. Then you   somewhere where you can test. Then you can use, you know, this browser use can use, you know, this browser use   can use, you know, this browser use skill to go test it. And then once it's skill to go test it. And then once it's   skill to go test it. And then once it's tested, you can ship that to production. tested, you can ship that to production.   tested, you can ship that to production. So that flow I would do manually a few So that flow I would do manually a few   So that flow I would do manually a few times. And then I would say based on times. And then I would say based on   times. And then I would say based on this workflow, make a repeatable skill this workflow, make a repeatable skill   this workflow, make a repeatable skill for yourself. So you know this flow in for yourself. So you know this flow in   for yourself. So you know this flow in the future. And I've just found that be the future. And I've just found that be   the future. And I've just found that be much more customizable and functional much more customizable and functional   much more customizable and functional for what I want to be doing with Open for what I want to be doing with Open   for what I want to be doing with Open Club. Club.   Club. &gt;&gt; Cool. Awesome. &gt;&gt; Cool. Awesome.   &gt;&gt; Cool. Awesome. &gt;&gt; Cool. So we're going to skip that. Um &gt;&gt; Cool. So we're going to skip that. Um   &gt;&gt; Cool. So we're going to skip that. Um there's a bunch of API keys you can dump there's a bunch of API keys you can dump   there's a bunch of API keys you can dump into this to give you access to Google into this to give you access to Google   into this to give you access to Google Places, Nano Banana, Notion, OpenAI, Places, Nano Banana, Notion, OpenAI,   Places, Nano Banana, Notion, OpenAI, OpenAI, [laughter] 11 Labs. You know, OpenAI, [laughter] 11 Labs. You know,   OpenAI, [laughter] 11 Labs. You know, there's a ton of a ton of things you can there's a ton of a ton of things you can   there's a ton of a ton of things you can set up. Um, the 11 Labs one is kind of set up. Um, the 11 Labs one is kind of   set up. Um, the 11 Labs one is kind of cool because you can have your agent cool because you can have your agent   cool because you can have your agent actually talk to you. Um, but a lot of actually talk to you. Um, but a lot of   actually talk to you. Um, but a lot of these things are more, you know, when these things are more, you know, when   these things are more, you know, when you really want to get deep into the use you really want to get deep into the use   you really want to get deep into the use cases and play around with it. For our cases and play around with it. For our   cases and play around with it. For our setup, we definitely don't need these. setup, we definitely don't need these.   setup, we definitely don't need these. Now, hooks. I like to enable all of Now, hooks. I like to enable all of   Now, hooks. I like to enable all of these hooks. These hooks are very these hooks. These hooks are very   these hooks. These hooks are very helpful because what these do is they helpful because what these do is they   helpful because what these do is they automatically load context and automatically load context and   automatically load context and automatically save things like commands automatically save things like commands   automatically save things like commands or sessions that you're in to memory. or sessions that you're in to memory.   or sessions that you're in to memory. One of the other big things that One of the other big things that   One of the other big things that OpenClaw I think has um found a novel OpenClaw I think has um found a novel   OpenClaw I think has um found a novel approach to is long-term memory in these approach to is long-term memory in these   approach to is long-term memory in these agents and I think it's done a great agents and I think it's done a great   agents and I think it's done a great job. So we want to enable all of these. job. So we want to enable all of these.   job. So we want to enable all of these. &gt;&gt; And can you just explain what a hook is &gt;&gt; And can you just explain what a hook is   &gt;&gt; And can you just explain what a hook is exactly? Yeah, a hook, if you think of a exactly? Yeah, a hook, if you think of a   exactly? Yeah, a hook, if you think of a skill as a set of instructions that the skill as a set of instructions that the   skill as a set of instructions that the agent uses to do something, a hook is a agent uses to do something, a hook is a   agent uses to do something, a hook is a little piece of code. I don't have a little piece of code. I don't have a   little piece of code. I don't have a great analogy actually. It's a little great analogy actually. It's a little   great analogy actually. It's a little piece of code that runs when the agent piece of code that runs when the agent   piece of code that runs when the agent does something very specific. So, if we does something very specific. So, if we   does something very specific. So, if we look at boot, there's a boot.md file and look at boot, there's a boot.md file and   look at boot, there's a boot.md file and this runs when you start your claw. So this runs when you start your claw. So   this runs when you start your claw. So maybe every time you start it or it, you maybe every time you start it or it, you   maybe every time you start it or it, you know, kicks back into action, you want know, kicks back into action, you want   know, kicks back into action, you want it to do something right away when it it to do something right away when it   it to do something right away when it boots. You would put instructions in boots. You would put instructions in   boots. You would put instructions in boot empty. I see. boot empty. I see.   boot empty. I see. &gt;&gt; You can also have additional &gt;&gt; You can also have additional   &gt;&gt; You can also have additional instructions that come in right away. instructions that come in right away.   instructions that come in right away. You can also have this one that logs all You can also have this one that logs all   You can also have this one that logs all command events to a central file so that command events to a central file so that   command events to a central file so that as it's doing stuff, it's recorded as it's doing stuff, it's recorded   as it's doing stuff, it's recorded somewhere automatically. And then the somewhere automatically. And then the   somewhere automatically. And then the claw can actually go back and reference claw can actually go back and reference   claw can actually go back and reference that if it needs to see, hey, how did we that if it needs to see, hey, how did we   that if it needs to see, hey, how did we do this before? It can actually do this before? It can actually   do this before? It can actually reference that audit file um and then reference that audit file um and then   reference that audit file um and then make use of it for future. make use of it for future.   make use of it for future. &gt;&gt; I don't know. I don't know if this is &gt;&gt; I don't know. I don't know if this is   &gt;&gt; I don't know. I don't know if this is accurate or the right analogy, but accurate or the right analogy, but   accurate or the right analogy, but almost like when you're saying this, almost like when you're saying this,   almost like when you're saying this, what it comes off as to me is like these what it comes off as to me is like these   what it comes off as to me is like these are almost like are almost like   are almost like um um   um conditional or situational skills conditional or situational skills   conditional or situational skills relevant to like your actual computer or relevant to like your actual computer or   relevant to like your actual computer or like relevant to the the machine like like relevant to the the machine like   like relevant to the the machine like almost like I think of like skills in almost like I think of like skills in   almost like I think of like skills in the way you were showing them before are the way you were showing them before are   the way you were showing them before are relating to other applications and how relating to other applications and how   relating to other applications and how your opening claw basically acts with your opening claw basically acts with   your opening claw basically acts with and around these other applications. and around these other applications.   and around these other applications. Whereas like these are specific to the Whereas like these are specific to the   Whereas like these are specific to the open claw itself and they're conditional open claw itself and they're conditional   open claw itself and they're conditional based on certain events. based on certain events.   based on certain events. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So these just get [snorts] &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So these just get [snorts]   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So these just get [snorts] fired when things happen and sometimes fired when things happen and sometimes   fired when things happen and sometimes they're injecting context and sometimes they're injecting context and sometimes   they're injecting context and sometimes they're just saving what the claw does they're just saving what the claw does   they're just saving what the claw does so that later it can reference it. so that later it can reference it.   so that later it can reference it. &gt;&gt; Cool. &gt;&gt; Cool.   &gt;&gt; Cool. Cool. So we're in everything is set up. Cool. So we're in everything is set up.   Cool. So we're in everything is set up. What it's doing now is installing the What it's doing now is installing the   What it's doing now is installing the gateway. The gateway is essentially this gateway. The gateway is essentially this   gateway. The gateway is essentially this other core piece of open claw that gives other core piece of open claw that gives   other core piece of open claw that gives the agents a channel they can talk the agents a channel they can talk   the agents a channel they can talk through. Think of it as a big group chat through. Think of it as a big group chat   through. Think of it as a big group chat and in that group chat it can be your and in that group chat it can be your   and in that group chat it can be your telegram, your discord, your slack, but telegram, your discord, your slack, but   telegram, your discord, your slack, but it can also be the main agent fires off it can also be the main agent fires off   it can also be the main agent fires off a sub agent and the sub agent has to ask a sub agent and the sub agent has to ask   a sub agent and the sub agent has to ask it a question and it talks back. It's it a question and it talks back. It's   it a question and it talks back. It's basically this main bus where all the basically this main bus where all the   basically this main bus where all the communications between your main agent, communications between your main agent,   communications between your main agent, your sub agents, and you go through. And your sub agents, and you go through. And   your sub agents, and you go through. And that's what's running 24/7, kicking off that's what's running 24/7, kicking off   that's what's running 24/7, kicking off those heartbeat runs, keeping it alive, those heartbeat runs, keeping it alive,   those heartbeat runs, keeping it alive, and you know, really having it work and you know, really having it work   and you know, really having it work while you sleep. And while you sleep. And   while you sleep. And &gt;&gt; And why is that setup important? Like &gt;&gt; And why is that setup important? Like   &gt;&gt; And why is that setup important? Like why why why does that make the specific why why why does that make the specific   why why why does that make the specific like Open Clause specifically more like Open Clause specifically more   like Open Clause specifically more powerful? This kind of like team of powerful? This kind of like team of   powerful? This kind of like team of agents that are talking to each other. agents that are talking to each other.   agents that are talking to each other. So this is I think a lot of the products So this is I think a lot of the products   So this is I think a lot of the products and tools right now are trying to solve and tools right now are trying to solve   and tools right now are trying to solve this like agent collaboration this like agent collaboration   this like agent collaboration communication problem. The thing that I communication problem. The thing that I   communication problem. The thing that I love about the gateway is it's so love about the gateway is it's so   love about the gateway is it's so simple. Um I think there's actually a simple. Um I think there's actually a   simple. Um I think there's actually a diagram over here of it working. Maybe diagram over here of it working. Maybe   diagram over here of it working. Maybe not. I might have hallucinated that. Um not. I might have hallucinated that. Um   not. I might have hallucinated that. Um but basically this gateway is so simple but basically this gateway is so simple   but basically this gateway is so simple where you have your inputs. Your inputs where you have your inputs. Your inputs   where you have your inputs. Your inputs are either you writing from Telegram, are either you writing from Telegram,   are either you writing from Telegram, Discord, whatever messaging setup you've Discord, whatever messaging setup you've   Discord, whatever messaging setup you've connected. The inputs can also be other connected. The inputs can also be other   connected. The inputs can also be other agents and that flows through a queue. agents and that flows through a queue.   agents and that flows through a queue. That Q then gets picked up by the main That Q then gets picked up by the main   That Q then gets picked up by the main agent. It does something based on the agent. It does something based on the   agent. It does something based on the message and then it can send messages message and then it can send messages   message and then it can send messages back out. Whether that's a reply to you back out. Whether that's a reply to you   back out. Whether that's a reply to you on Telegram or a reply to you um on on Telegram or a reply to you um on   on Telegram or a reply to you um on Discord or a reply to a sub agent, it's Discord or a reply to a sub agent, it's   Discord or a reply to a sub agent, it's just this bus that lets anything come in just this bus that lets anything come in   just this bus that lets anything come in and then the main agent orchestrate and then the main agent orchestrate   and then the main agent orchestrate anything going out any of the other anything going out any of the other   anything going out any of the other channels. channels.   channels. &gt;&gt; Cool. &gt;&gt; Cool.   &gt;&gt; Cool. Okay, it's time to hatch run. Okay, it's time to hatch run.   Okay, it's time to hatch run. &gt;&gt; I do like to hatch in the the TUI. The &gt;&gt; I do like to hatch in the the TUI. The   &gt;&gt; I do like to hatch in the the TUI. The web UI I think could use some work. So, web UI I think could use some work. So,   web UI I think could use some work. So, if you're familiar with cloud code in if you're familiar with cloud code in   if you're familiar with cloud code in your terminal, this is going to feel your terminal, this is going to feel   your terminal, this is going to feel very familiar. We're going to hatch. very familiar. We're going to hatch.   very familiar. We're going to hatch. All that hatching does is text the bot, All that hatching does is text the bot,   All that hatching does is text the bot, wake up, my friend. [laughter] wake up, my friend. [laughter]   wake up, my friend. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I I feel I feel like a proud parent &gt;&gt; I I feel I feel like a proud parent   &gt;&gt; I I feel I feel like a proud parent right now. right now.   right now. &gt;&gt; I know Ron Ron is here. Um, so there's &gt;&gt; I know Ron Ron is here. Um, so there's   &gt;&gt; I know Ron Ron is here. Um, so there's kind of a flow that's set up in the very kind of a flow that's set up in the very   kind of a flow that's set up in the very beginning. beginning.   beginning. We're not going to go through like deep We're not going to go through like deep   We're not going to go through like deep deep detailed prompts in this right now, deep detailed prompts in this right now,   deep detailed prompts in this right now, but we have gone from zero to one and we but we have gone from zero to one and we   but we have gone from zero to one and we have an open clause setup. Um, and have an open clause setup. Um, and   have an open clause setup. Um, and following all those steps, we'd have it following all those steps, we'd have it   following all those steps, we'd have it on a secure box that we can only access. on a secure box that we can only access.   on a secure box that we can only access. And now we just kind of get to play with And now we just kind of get to play with   And now we just kind of get to play with our new open claw. So, our new open claw. So,   our new open claw. So, real quick, I'm just going to say real quick, I'm just going to say   real quick, I'm just going to say you are Ron. you are Ron.   you are Ron. You are my You are my   You are my personal art finder. personal art finder.   personal art finder. You are to go online You are to go online   You are to go online and find photos of art and send me them       and make a comprehensive profile on what and make a comprehensive profile on what   and make a comprehensive profile on what I like and don't like.       And then I'm gonna say I am actually two And then I'm gonna say I am actually two   And then I'm gonna say I am actually two people. people.   people. Oh my god. Oh my god.   Oh my god. CJ and Alex,       you should you should   you should store our art preferences store our art preferences   store our art preferences in your memory in your memory   in your memory and learn more and more over time what and learn more and more over time what   and learn more and more over time what we like. we like.   we like. And then what what vibe do you think, And then what what vibe do you think,   And then what what vibe do you think, Alex? [snorts] Alex? [snorts]   Alex? [snorts] &gt;&gt; I like photorealistic. &gt;&gt; I like photorealistic.   &gt;&gt; I like photorealistic. Okay. Alex likes photorealistic, Okay. Alex likes photorealistic,   Okay. Alex likes photorealistic, but what vibe do you want Ron to have in but what vibe do you want Ron to have in   but what vibe do you want Ron to have in his personality? his personality?   his personality? &gt;&gt; Oh, um, &gt;&gt; Oh, um,   &gt;&gt; Oh, um, sassy. sassy.   sassy. &gt;&gt; You are very sassy. [laughter] &gt;&gt; You are very sassy. [laughter]   &gt;&gt; You are very sassy. [laughter] Um, there's also a great post by Peter Um, there's also a great post by Peter   Um, there's also a great post by Peter on Twitter about how to get its soul up on Twitter about how to get its soul up   on Twitter about how to get its soul up and running. Um, and I like to say you and running. Um, and I like to say you   and running. Um, and I like to say you are very opinionated are very opinionated   are very opinionated and you act on those opinions. and you act on those opinions.   and you act on those opinions. Love it. Great. And we're going to kick Love it. Great. And we're going to kick   Love it. Great. And we're going to kick him off. He's going to take this, ingest him off. He's going to take this, ingest   him off. He's going to take this, ingest it, and hopefully we can actually get it, and hopefully we can actually get   it, and hopefully we can actually get him to run through one of these tasks. him to run through one of these tasks.   him to run through one of these tasks. One other thing that's always good to One other thing that's always good to   One other thing that's always good to test once you have this set up is test once you have this set up is   test once you have this set up is hopping over to Telegram, hopping over to Telegram,   hopping over to Telegram, clicking on Ron Johnbot. We're going to clicking on Ron Johnbot. We're going to   clicking on Ron Johnbot. We're going to hit start and we're going to say hi. hit start and we're going to say hi.   hit start and we're going to say hi. It is going to give you this pairing It is going to give you this pairing   It is going to give you this pairing code.       &gt;&gt; So just so I understand here, can you &gt;&gt; So just so I understand here, can you   &gt;&gt; So just so I understand here, can you you talking to Ron in Telegram, is that you talking to Ron in Telegram, is that   you talking to Ron in Telegram, is that the same as you talking to Ron in your the same as you talking to Ron in your   the same as you talking to Ron in your terminal? terminal?   terminal? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So that's that's the whole beauty &gt;&gt; Yeah. So that's that's the whole beauty   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So that's that's the whole beauty of the gateway. All of the messages can of the gateway. All of the messages can   of the gateway. All of the messages can come from different places and then all come from different places and then all   come from different places and then all of them can go out in different places of them can go out in different places   of them can go out in different places &gt;&gt; and Ron can actually choose it. &gt;&gt; and Ron can actually choose it.   &gt;&gt; and Ron can actually choose it. &gt;&gt; So Ron is online. Save this memory &gt;&gt; So Ron is online. Save this memory   &gt;&gt; So Ron is online. Save this memory already. He's sassy. already. He's sassy.   already. He's sassy. &gt;&gt; So we can give a starter profile. But &gt;&gt; So we can give a starter profile. But   &gt;&gt; So we can give a starter profile. But first I'm actually just going to say, first I'm actually just going to say,   first I'm actually just going to say, can you make sure you are configured for can you make sure you are configured for   can you make sure you are configured for Telegram? Telegram?   Telegram? Because now he's set up, he can run Because now he's set up, he can run   Because now he's set up, he can run commands. commands.   commands. He can actually manage himself, his own He can actually manage himself, his own   He can actually manage himself, his own workspace, his configuration. workspace, his configuration.   workspace, his configuration. &gt;&gt; So giving him all this information, &gt;&gt; So giving him all this information,   &gt;&gt; So giving him all this information, &gt;&gt; he should be able to just set this up &gt;&gt; he should be able to just set this up   &gt;&gt; he should be able to just set this up for us. for us.   for us. &gt;&gt; Love it. &gt;&gt; Love it.   &gt;&gt; Love it. &gt;&gt; Sweet. So we're good on Telegram. I'm &gt;&gt; Sweet. So we're good on Telegram. I'm   &gt;&gt; Sweet. So we're good on Telegram. I'm going to hop over here and say, "Hey, going to hop over here and say, "Hey,   going to hop over here and say, "Hey, Ron, can you hear me from Telegram?" And Ron, can you hear me from Telegram?" And   Ron, can you hear me from Telegram?" And he's typing. And here he is. Same bot, he's typing. And here he is. Same bot,   he's typing. And here he is. Same bot, different channel. And we've done it. different channel. And we've done it.   different channel. And we've done it. We've set up Ron end to end. Um, from We've set up Ron end to end. Um, from   We've set up Ron end to end. Um, from here, you know, my my only real tip in here, you know, my my only real tip in   here, you know, my my only real tip in your in building this up is actually your in building this up is actually   your in building this up is actually just dumping as much information about just dumping as much information about   just dumping as much information about you as you can. Really try to get it to you as you can. Really try to get it to   you as you can. Really try to get it to understand who you are, what your understand who you are, what your   understand who you are, what your preferences are. Um, and the bots are preferences are. Um, and the bots are   preferences are. Um, and the bots are really good at managing their internal really good at managing their internal   really good at managing their internal state to try and get you to a point state to try and get you to a point   state to try and get you to a point where um, it's performing better, it's where um, it's performing better, it's   where um, it's performing better, it's doing more for you, it's actually acting doing more for you, it's actually acting   doing more for you, it's actually acting on your behalf. on your behalf.   on your behalf. Love it. And one last question for you. Love it. And one last question for you.   Love it. And one last question for you. Um, is if I'm a busy professional or Um, is if I'm a busy professional or   Um, is if I'm a busy professional or executive watching this and I I've now executive watching this and I I've now   executive watching this and I I've now set up my run my open claw and I'm like, set up my run my open claw and I'm like,   set up my run my open claw and I'm like, okay, what do I do now? Like what is okay, what do I do now? Like what is   okay, what do I do now? Like what is actually a useful way that I can use actually a useful way that I can use   actually a useful way that I can use openclaw? Just based on you playing openclaw? Just based on you playing   openclaw? Just based on you playing around with openclaw a lot and just around with openclaw a lot and just   around with openclaw a lot and just understanding like what other knowledge understanding like what other knowledge   understanding like what other knowledge workers may like? like what do you think workers may like? like what do you think   workers may like? like what do you think is the lowest hanging fruit of how Ron is the lowest hanging fruit of how Ron   is the lowest hanging fruit of how Ron or their open claw could be or their open claw could be   or their open claw could be exceptionally helpful that let's just exceptionally helpful that let's just   exceptionally helpful that let's just say they start with one use case what is say they start with one use case what is   say they start with one use case what is the one use case that you think people the one use case that you think people   the one use case that you think people could feel the power of openclaw with if could feel the power of openclaw with if   could feel the power of openclaw with if they get it set up the right way they get it set up the right way   they get it set up the right way &gt;&gt; yeah so I like to think of it as if you &gt;&gt; yeah so I like to think of it as if you   &gt;&gt; yeah so I like to think of it as if you had a perfect assistant what would they had a perfect assistant what would they   had a perfect assistant what would they do for you and in any of those scenarios do for you and in any of those scenarios   do for you and in any of those scenarios it's going to be very custom that's what it's going to be very custom that's what   it's going to be very custom that's what openclaw is strong in doing these like openclaw is strong in doing these like   openclaw is strong in doing these like custom workflows. You know, the the custom workflows. You know, the the   custom workflows. You know, the the basics of monitoring your email, basics of monitoring your email,   basics of monitoring your email, monitoring Slack, helping you reply to monitoring Slack, helping you reply to   monitoring Slack, helping you reply to things, helping you stay on top of things, helping you stay on top of   things, helping you stay on top of stuff. I can actually show you my stuff. I can actually show you my   stuff. I can actually show you my personal assistant, Alfred. I had him personal assistant, Alfred. I had him   personal assistant, Alfred. I had him send me an essay that I think is about send me an essay that I think is about   send me an essay that I think is about laundry to just push our message history laundry to just push our message history   laundry to just push our message history up. But with Alfred, he is monitoring up. But with Alfred, he is monitoring   up. But with Alfred, he is monitoring kind of my Slack channels and my emails kind of my Slack channels and my emails   kind of my Slack channels and my emails and making sure to keep me up to date on and making sure to keep me up to date on   and making sure to keep me up to date on my to-dos. And he even has a little task my to-dos. And he even has a little task   my to-dos. And he even has a little task tracker of his own where I kind of made tracker of his own where I kind of made   tracker of his own where I kind of made some of this fake data. But he actually some of this fake data. But he actually   some of this fake data. But he actually puts things on here, messages me, keeps puts things on here, messages me, keeps   puts things on here, messages me, keeps me on top of things. So whatever the me on top of things. So whatever the   me on top of things. So whatever the simplest kind of task management way simplest kind of task management way   simplest kind of task management way that you can think about handling tasks, that you can think about handling tasks,   that you can think about handling tasks, organizing them, keeping yourself on top organizing them, keeping yourself on top   organizing them, keeping yourself on top of stuff, trying to offload as much of of stuff, trying to offload as much of   of stuff, trying to offload as much of that to the bot as possible, and then that to the bot as possible, and then   that to the bot as possible, and then finding where it breaks. There are finding where it breaks. There are   finding where it breaks. There are places where it's not perfect, but it places where it's not perfect, but it   places where it's not perfect, but it can do a lot more than I think people can do a lot more than I think people   can do a lot more than I think people give it credit if you just spend the give it credit if you just spend the   give it credit if you just spend the time to play around with it. And when it time to play around with it. And when it   time to play around with it. And when it does something wrong, ask it why it did does something wrong, ask it why it did   does something wrong, ask it why it did it wrong and what we can do to make it it wrong and what we can do to make it   it wrong and what we can do to make it do it right in the future. And the do it right in the future. And the   do it right in the future. And the amount of things it can self-correct is amount of things it can self-correct is   amount of things it can self-correct is still surprising me. still surprising me.   still surprising me. &gt;&gt; Love it. I feel like we we're going to &gt;&gt; Love it. I feel like we we're going to   &gt;&gt; Love it. I feel like we we're going to want to do a part two of this. That's is want to do a part two of this. That's is   want to do a part two of this. That's is that's all around like, okay, now that that's all around like, okay, now that   that's all around like, okay, now that we have OpenClaw set up, how do we we have OpenClaw set up, how do we   we have OpenClaw set up, how do we actually like if I want to configure it actually like if I want to configure it   actually like if I want to configure it to be my perfect personal assistant? to be my perfect personal assistant?   to be my perfect personal assistant? like we could probably spend like like we could probably spend like   like we could probably spend like another 45 minutes just getting it to another 45 minutes just getting it to   another 45 minutes just getting it to like be my personal assistant through my like be my personal assistant through my   like be my personal assistant through my emails, my Slacks, my texts, whatever. emails, my Slacks, my texts, whatever.   emails, my Slacks, my texts, whatever. So, I think that would be a good part So, I think that would be a good part   So, I think that would be a good part two for us to do. two for us to do.   two for us to do. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's tons of that's kind of the &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's tons of that's kind of the   &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's tons of that's kind of the tricky part is like setting this up is tricky part is like setting this up is   tricky part is like setting this up is half the battle, but I think a lot of half the battle, but I think a lot of   half the battle, but I think a lot of people get to that point, have it set up people get to that point, have it set up   people get to that point, have it set up and go, now what? And there's a lot of and go, now what? And there's a lot of   and go, now what? And there's a lot of like places you can push it, but at the like places you can push it, but at the   like places you can push it, but at the end of the day, it is this. kind of the end of the day, it is this. kind of the   end of the day, it is this. kind of the first technology where it's always on first technology where it's always on   first technology where it's always on and you can customize it to whatever use and you can customize it to whatever use   and you can customize it to whatever use case you want, but there's a ton of case you want, but there's a ton of   case you want, but there's a ton of lowhanging fruit that I think is easy to lowhanging fruit that I think is easy to   lowhanging fruit that I think is easy to set up that can be immensely valuable to set up that can be immensely valuable to   set up that can be immensely valuable to anyone out there who's able to set this anyone out there who's able to set this   anyone out there who's able to set this up. up.   up. &gt;&gt; Love it. Anything else you want to share &gt;&gt; Love it. Anything else you want to share   &gt;&gt; Love it. Anything else you want to share before we uh finish things up? before we uh finish things up?   before we uh finish things up? &gt;&gt; No, I think that's it. I hope this is uh &gt;&gt; No, I think that's it. I hope this is uh   &gt;&gt; No, I think that's it. I hope this is uh helpful and I hope more and more claws helpful and I hope more and more claws   helpful and I hope more and more claws are hatched as a result of this are hatched as a result of this   are hatched as a result of this walkthrough. walkthrough.   walkthrough. &gt;&gt; Love it. CJ, thank you so much. For &gt;&gt; Love it. CJ, thank you so much. For   &gt;&gt; Love it. CJ, thank you so much. For those who are watching, again, look at those who are watching, again, look at   those who are watching, again, look at this as like a almost like a reference this as like a almost like a reference   this as like a almost like a reference guide. Feel free to watch the video, but guide. Feel free to watch the video, but   guide. Feel free to watch the video, but rewatch it as you're working through the rewatch it as you're working through the   rewatch it as you're working through the process of setting up your open claw. process of setting up your open claw.   process of setting up your open claw. We're also going to include the guide We're also going to include the guide   We're also going to include the guide that CJ created in the show notes, so that CJ created in the show notes, so   that CJ created in the show notes, so that one, you can reference it, but also that one, you can reference it, but also   that one, you can reference it, but also you can feed it to Claw to help you set you can feed it to Claw to help you set   you can feed it to Claw to help you set up a safe and secure OpenClaw. And then up a safe and secure OpenClaw. And then   up a safe and secure OpenClaw. And then more videos to come on specific use more videos to come on specific use   more videos to come on specific use cases and applications in your work uh cases and applications in your work uh   cases and applications in your work uh once you have your version of Ron set once you have your version of Ron set   once you have your version of Ron set up. Thanks so much for joining everyone up. Thanks so much for joining everyone   up. Thanks so much for joining everyone and we'll see you again soon. Later.