What's up everyone? Welcome back to What's up everyone? Welcome back to   What's up everyone? Welcome back to another episode of Human in the Loop, another episode of Human in the Loop,   another episode of Human in the Loop, the most actionable AI show on the the most actionable AI show on the   the most actionable AI show on the internet. On this episode, we talk about internet. On this episode, we talk about   internet. On this episode, we talk about AEO or answer engine optimization with AEO or answer engine optimization with   AEO or answer engine optimization with Kip Bodner, the CMO of HubSpot. We talk Kip Bodner, the CMO of HubSpot. We talk   Kip Bodner, the CMO of HubSpot. We talk about why AEO is going to be as big as about why AEO is going to be as big as   about why AEO is going to be as big as SEO. How HubSpot is seeing a 15x SEO. How HubSpot is seeing a 15x   SEO. How HubSpot is seeing a 15x increase in web traffic from LLMs increase in web traffic from LLMs   increase in web traffic from LLMs because of their AAO strategy and how because of their AAO strategy and how   because of their AAO strategy and how you can use the tools and frameworks you can use the tools and frameworks   you can use the tools and frameworks that Kip and his team have developed to that Kip and his team have developed to   that Kip and his team have developed to see the same type of results. Let's hop see the same type of results. Let's hop   see the same type of results. Let's hop into the conversation. into the conversation.   into the conversation. Kip Bodner, CMO of HubSpot, thank you as Kip Bodner, CMO of HubSpot, thank you as   Kip Bodner, CMO of HubSpot, thank you as always for just having interesting always for just having interesting   always for just having interesting conversations with me. Um, what can conversations with me. Um, what can   conversations with me. Um, what can people expect if they watch until the people expect if they watch until the   people expect if they watch until the end of this conversation? end of this conversation?   end of this conversation? &gt;&gt; Yeah, if you watch this conversation &gt;&gt; Yeah, if you watch this conversation   &gt;&gt; Yeah, if you watch this conversation today, what I'm what we're going to do today, what I'm what we're going to do   today, what I'm what we're going to do is we're going to give you some data is we're going to give you some data   is we're going to give you some data about AO. We're going to break down some about AO. We're going to break down some   about AO. We're going to break down some of the best practices of AO. We're going of the best practices of AO. We're going   of the best practices of AO. We're going to show you a free tool that'll help to show you a free tool that'll help   to show you a free tool that'll help give you some insights into how you're give you some insights into how you're   give you some insights into how you're doing in AO. We're actually going to doing in AO. We're actually going to   doing in AO. We're actually going to walk through how 10X and Alex are doing walk through how 10X and Alex are doing   walk through how 10X and Alex are doing on AO themselves. We'll show you some on AO themselves. We'll show you some   on AO themselves. We'll show you some practical examples of like how to practical examples of like how to   practical examples of like how to structure content and do some basic structure content and do some basic   structure content and do some basic things to uh get surfaced better in things to uh get surfaced better in   things to uh get surfaced better in these new AI search engines. And these new AI search engines. And   these new AI search engines. And hopefully that all means you're going to hopefully that all means you're going to   hopefully that all means you're going to get discovered by more and more get discovered by more and more   get discovered by more and more prospective customers. prospective customers.   prospective customers. &gt;&gt; And can you just quickly paint a picture &gt;&gt; And can you just quickly paint a picture   &gt;&gt; And can you just quickly paint a picture of how big of a deal is? Like how of how big of a deal is? Like how   of how big of a deal is? Like how seriously should people be taking this? seriously should people be taking this?   seriously should people be taking this? &gt;&gt; Yes. Let me I got some I got a little &gt;&gt; Yes. Let me I got some I got a little   &gt;&gt; Yes. Let me I got some I got a little bit of data here. Let's pull Let's pull bit of data here. Let's pull Let's pull   bit of data here. Let's pull Let's pull that up. So I I think what's interesting that up. So I I think what's interesting   that up. So I I think what's interesting about AO is both you need to understand about AO is both you need to understand   about AO is both you need to understand traditional search first and foremost, traditional search first and foremost,   traditional search first and foremost, right? It it's it's both traditional right? It it's it's both traditional   right? It it's it's both traditional search and what's happening. So Chad GPT search and what's happening. So Chad GPT   search and what's happening. So Chad GPT at 800 million weekly active users, it's at 800 million weekly active users, it's   at 800 million weekly active users, it's not Google, but it's on a growth pack not Google, but it's on a growth pack   not Google, but it's on a growth pack path to become the size of Google search path to become the size of Google search   path to become the size of Google search like in 36 months because it's growing like in 36 months because it's growing   like in 36 months because it's growing at such a rapid rate. And so if you're at such a rapid rate. And so if you're   at such a rapid rate. And so if you're just optimizing for for Google search, just optimizing for for Google search,   just optimizing for for Google search, you're leaving this other big you're leaving this other big   you're leaving this other big opportunity. Uh and then you also have opportunity. Uh and then you also have   opportunity. Uh and then you also have AI overviews and Gemini, there's a AI overviews and Gemini, there's a   AI overviews and Gemini, there's a there's a whole host of things people there's a whole host of things people   there's a whole host of things people using perplexity. It's a pretty big using perplexity. It's a pretty big   using perplexity. It's a pretty big audience is the first thing I'd say. The audience is the first thing I'd say. The   audience is the first thing I'd say. The because of AI overviews in Google where because of AI overviews in Google where   because of AI overviews in Google where they give you that AI generated uh they give you that AI generated uh   they give you that AI generated uh answer at the top of your search pages, answer at the top of your search pages,   answer at the top of your search pages, that means the percent of searches that that means the percent of searches that   that means the percent of searches that have no clicks are going up. So even in have no clicks are going up. So even in   have no clicks are going up. So even in Google, you're having like 58 60% of Google, you're having like 58 60% of   Google, you're having like 58 60% of your searches, nobody's clicking on a your searches, nobody's clicking on a   your searches, nobody's clicking on a result there. And so you need to be part result there. And so you need to be part   result there. And so you need to be part of those AI overviews. Um, and so if a of those AI overviews. Um, and so if a   of those AI overviews. Um, and so if a search engine result has that AI search engine result has that AI   search engine result has that AI overview, the click-through rate for any overview, the click-through rate for any   overview, the click-through rate for any link in that result is the aggregate is link in that result is the aggregate is   link in that result is the aggregate is Dale 61%. Dale 61%.   Dale 61%. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So B, so basically every business &gt;&gt; Yeah. So B, so basically every business   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So B, so basically every business wants to grow. Everyone on this uh chat wants to grow. Everyone on this uh chat   wants to grow. Everyone on this uh chat works likely in a business and they want works likely in a business and they want   works likely in a business and they want their business to grow. One of the ways their business to grow. One of the ways   their business to grow. One of the ways you have your business grow is customers you have your business grow is customers   you have your business grow is customers knowing about you and viewing you as an knowing about you and viewing you as an   knowing about you and viewing you as an authority and all these things. And we authority and all these things. And we   authority and all these things. And we live in a new paradigm where the old way live in a new paradigm where the old way   live in a new paradigm where the old way of being discovered and people knowing of being discovered and people knowing   of being discovered and people knowing who you are and what service you provide who you are and what service you provide   who you are and what service you provide that is shifting and an increasing that is shifting and an increasing   that is shifting and an increasing amount of that distribution is moving to amount of that distribution is moving to   amount of that distribution is moving to this new world where AEO is kind of the this new world where AEO is kind of the   this new world where AEO is kind of the gatekeeper of you having access to that gatekeeper of you having access to that   gatekeeper of you having access to that distribution. distribution.   distribution. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, it's that old world of &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, it's that old world of   &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, it's that old world of you used to have to a user had to hunt you used to have to a user had to hunt   you used to have to a user had to hunt through that list of 10 links and click through that list of 10 links and click   through that list of 10 links and click around and read stuff and I remember around and read stuff and I remember   around and read stuff and I remember searching and there was no good answer, searching and there was no good answer,   searching and there was no good answer, you know, years ago and now it's like you know, years ago and now it's like   you know, years ago and now it's like you have a you have a bot that is giving you have a you have a bot that is giving   you have a you have a bot that is giving you a custom bespoke answer for you and you a custom bespoke answer for you and   you a custom bespoke answer for you and the question is are you going to be part the question is are you going to be part   the question is are you going to be part of that answer? And there's some like of that answer? And there's some like   of that answer? And there's some like benefits to being part of that answer. benefits to being part of that answer.   benefits to being part of that answer. You know, if you're in that AI overview You know, if you're in that AI overview   You know, if you're in that AI overview in Google, you have a 30 35% higher in Google, you have a 30 35% higher   in Google, you have a 30 35% higher click-through rate on your organic click-through rate on your organic   click-through rate on your organic listing because people see that and listing because people see that and   listing because people see that and they're like, great, I want to go and they're like, great, I want to go and   they're like, great, I want to go and click and visit and take an action, click and visit and take an action,   click and visit and take an action, right? The you have to set set up people right? The you have to set set up people   right? The you have to set set up people to be ready to take an action with your to be ready to take an action with your   to be ready to take an action with your information. The other thing that's information. The other thing that's   information. The other thing that's interesting is that the quality of interesting is that the quality of   interesting is that the quality of conversion rate of of people who conversion rate of of people who   conversion rate of of people who experience your product or click from an experience your product or click from an   experience your product or click from an AI search much much higher. Um the data AI search much much higher. Um the data   AI search much much higher. Um the data I've seen is 5x at HubSpot on some I've seen is 5x at HubSpot on some   I've seen is 5x at HubSpot on some queries we've seen up to 13x compared to queries we've seen up to 13x compared to   queries we've seen up to 13x compared to Google search. That means, you know, if Google search. That means, you know, if   Google search. That means, you know, if you had a a 1% conversion rate to you had a a 1% conversion rate to   you had a a 1% conversion rate to customer on Google search, you'd have a customer on Google search, you'd have a   customer on Google search, you'd have a 13% conversion rate on like chat GPT. 13% conversion rate on like chat GPT.   13% conversion rate on like chat GPT. Much much higher quality traffic. It Much much higher quality traffic. It   Much much higher quality traffic. It makes sense. They're getting a lot more makes sense. They're getting a lot more   makes sense. They're getting a lot more information and so the people who are information and so the people who are   information and so the people who are coming to you are much more qualified. coming to you are much more qualified.   coming to you are much more qualified. They know what they're they're looking They know what they're they're looking   They know what they're they're looking for and they're ready to take an action. for and they're ready to take an action.   for and they're ready to take an action. &gt;&gt; Love it. Okay. So, that perfect setup. &gt;&gt; Love it. Okay. So, that perfect setup.   &gt;&gt; Love it. Okay. So, that perfect setup. Obviously, the stakes are high here. Obviously, the stakes are high here.   Obviously, the stakes are high here. there's real value in understanding this there's real value in understanding this   there's real value in understanding this new practice, but also there's a lot of new practice, but also there's a lot of   new practice, but also there's a lot of I think questions and skepticisms around I think questions and skepticisms around   I think questions and skepticisms around is AEO real? If it's real, how do I do is AEO real? If it's real, how do I do   is AEO real? If it's real, how do I do it? What are the actual techniques? And it? What are the actual techniques? And   it? What are the actual techniques? And I think you're going to dive into all I think you're going to dive into all   I think you're going to dive into all that. So, I want to let uh Chef Keip that. So, I want to let uh Chef Keip   that. So, I want to let uh Chef Keip cook. So, uh take take the stage. cook. So, uh take take the stage.   cook. So, uh take take the stage. &gt;&gt; Well, let's talk a little bit about like &gt;&gt; Well, let's talk a little bit about like   &gt;&gt; Well, let's talk a little bit about like the shift and and the first thing I the shift and and the first thing I   the shift and and the first thing I would say is uh I always get questions would say is uh I always get questions   would say is uh I always get questions is like SEO dead, what's happening? And is like SEO dead, what's happening? And   is like SEO dead, what's happening? And there's still a lot of people that use there's still a lot of people that use   there's still a lot of people that use Google search. Alex, right? Um, Google search. Alex, right? Um,   Google search. Alex, right? Um, everybody here probably I sometimes use everybody here probably I sometimes use   everybody here probably I sometimes use Google search for like very simple quick Google search for like very simple quick   Google search for like very simple quick transactional things. It's just really transactional things. It's just really   transactional things. It's just really fast, right? And the important thing to fast, right? And the important thing to   fast, right? And the important thing to understand here is that everything that understand here is that everything that   understand here is that everything that you did for traditional search engine you did for traditional search engine   you did for traditional search engine optimization is a foundation for what optimization is a foundation for what   optimization is a foundation for what you is is a starting point for what you you is is a starting point for what you   you is is a starting point for what you need to do with AEO. It's not like an need to do with AEO. It's not like an   need to do with AEO. It's not like an eitheror. It's it's an evolution, not a eitheror. It's it's an evolution, not a   eitheror. It's it's an evolution, not a revolution. is the first thing that you revolution. is the first thing that you   revolution. is the first thing that you need to understand is that there's going need to understand is that there's going   need to understand is that there's going to be this gradual evolution to AEO to be this gradual evolution to AEO   to be this gradual evolution to AEO versus the traditional SEO. But versus the traditional SEO. But   versus the traditional SEO. But traditional SEO is going to be still be traditional SEO is going to be still be   traditional SEO is going to be still be here for a little while. But I think here for a little while. But I think   here for a little while. But I think it's important that we outline what the it's important that we outline what the   it's important that we outline what the differences are, right? For years, we differences are, right? For years, we   differences are, right? For years, we were all obsessed with how do we rank in were all obsessed with how do we rank in   were all obsessed with how do we rank in the first one, two, three spots of the first one, two, three spots of   the first one, two, three spots of Google. And now it's like is AI when Google. And now it's like is AI when   Google. And now it's like is AI when somebody asks a question are they citing somebody asks a question are they citing   somebody asks a question are they citing my company or my product as a source or my company or my product as a source or   my company or my product as a source or a solution in that answer that's like a a solution in that answer that's like a   a solution in that answer that's like a very very different thing because it's very very different thing because it's   very very different thing because it's there's a lot more nuance to it. It's there's a lot more nuance to it. It's   there's a lot more nuance to it. It's like are they talking about me like are they talking about me   like are they talking about me positively? What's happening? How am I positively? What's happening? How am I   positively? What's happening? How am I being mentioned? There's much more being mentioned? There's much more   being mentioned? There's much more nuance than just am I ranked in a nuance than just am I ranked in a   nuance than just am I ranked in a certain position. certain position.   certain position. &gt;&gt; Totally. And just a question on cit &gt;&gt; Totally. And just a question on cit   &gt;&gt; Totally. And just a question on cit citing and maybe this is something citing and maybe this is something   citing and maybe this is something you're going to talk about is How do you you're going to talk about is How do you   you're going to talk about is How do you increase I guess there's two things you increase I guess there's two things you   increase I guess there's two things you want to happen. You want to increase the want to happen. You want to increase the   want to happen. You want to increase the odds of you being cited and you want to odds of you being cited and you want to   odds of you being cited and you want to increase the odds of you being cited increase the odds of you being cited   increase the odds of you being cited properly. And I guess are those properly. And I guess are those   properly. And I guess are those effectively the two things that AEO effectively the two things that AEO   effectively the two things that AEO leads to? leads to?   leads to? &gt;&gt; Well, so this is a great question. The &gt;&gt; Well, so this is a great question. The   &gt;&gt; Well, so this is a great question. The the there are two big terms when it the there are two big terms when it   the there are two big terms when it comes to AO mentions and citations. And comes to AO mentions and citations. And   comes to AO mentions and citations. And mentions are hey they mention your mentions are hey they mention your   mentions are hey they mention your company or your product in the response. company or your product in the response.   company or your product in the response. Citations are they mention and link to Citations are they mention and link to   Citations are they mention and link to your product or service. So somebody has your product or service. So somebody has   your product or service. So somebody has the ability to actually click and go the ability to actually click and go   the ability to actually click and go back and you obviously so the things you back and you obviously so the things you   back and you obviously so the things you care about on the mention side, how are care about on the mention side, how are   care about on the mention side, how are they mentioning you? And are they they mentioning you? And are they   they mentioning you? And are they mentioning you in the way that you want mentioning you in the way that you want   mentioning you in the way that you want to be mentioned and how are they to be mentioned and how are they   to be mentioned and how are they mentioning you relative to the mentioning you relative to the   mentioning you relative to the competition for the actual citations? competition for the actual citations?   competition for the actual citations? What links are they citing? Are those What links are they citing? Are those   What links are they citing? Are those links prepared to handle those? Somebody links prepared to handle those? Somebody   links prepared to handle those? Somebody who is like very ready to go, very high who is like very ready to go, very high   who is like very ready to go, very high intent. We did a lot of triage work in intent. We did a lot of triage work in   intent. We did a lot of triage work in REAO work of like these people are so REAO work of like these people are so   REAO work of like these people are so ready to take an action. We need to make ready to take an action. We need to make   ready to take an action. We need to make sure that the top links are optimized sure that the top links are optimized   sure that the top links are optimized for the right path for them. Um, so for the right path for them. Um, so   for the right path for them. Um, so there is a little bit of different work there is a little bit of different work   there is a little bit of different work that happens between those two things. that happens between those two things.   that happens between those two things. But the things you want to remember is But the things you want to remember is   But the things you want to remember is mentions and citations are kind of two mentions and citations are kind of two   mentions and citations are kind of two big things in the world of AO. big things in the world of AO.   big things in the world of AO. &gt;&gt; Cool. Yeah. Um the the the other thing &gt;&gt; Cool. Yeah. Um the the the other thing   &gt;&gt; Cool. Yeah. Um the the the other thing here is like the content is very here is like the content is very   here is like the content is very different. Uh SEO was very ultra long different. Uh SEO was very ultra long   different. Uh SEO was very ultra long form. AO is much more chunked. Uh and form. AO is much more chunked. Uh and   form. AO is much more chunked. Uh and let me and like natural language. I can let me and like natural language. I can   let me and like natural language. I can give you guys a quick example. So this give you guys a quick example. So this   give you guys a quick example. So this is a page on HubSpot that is about CRM is a page on HubSpot that is about CRM   is a page on HubSpot that is about CRM and CRM integration and how you connect and CRM integration and how you connect   and CRM integration and how you connect stuff to CRM. Very important part of our stuff to CRM. Very important part of our   stuff to CRM. Very important part of our business, right? So the very first thing business, right? So the very first thing   business, right? So the very first thing you see here is that the headers are you see here is that the headers are   you see here is that the headers are in very much like AEO language. What is in very much like AEO language. What is   in very much like AEO language. What is CRM integration? Like that is very much CRM integration? Like that is very much   CRM integration? Like that is very much what somebody would ask a chatbot or what somebody would ask a chatbot or   what somebody would ask a chatbot or what's CRM integration? I use the CRM. what's CRM integration? I use the CRM.   what's CRM integration? I use the CRM. What do I need to do? Like that's the What do I need to do? Like that's the   What do I need to do? Like that's the type of thing that somebody would ask. type of thing that somebody would ask.   type of thing that somebody would ask. So part of it's like the actual word So part of it's like the actual word   So part of it's like the actual word choice and everything you're using. You choice and everything you're using. You   choice and everything you're using. You also see there's chunking of also see there's chunking of   also see there's chunking of information. There's table of cont table information. There's table of cont table   information. There's table of cont table of contents and they're all about things of contents and they're all about things   of contents and they're all about things that would be related that would be that would be related that would be   that would be related that would be mentioned in certain prompts around CRM mentioned in certain prompts around CRM   mentioned in certain prompts around CRM integration. What is it? What are the integration. What is it? What are the   integration. What is it? What are the benefits of it? How do I add CRM benefits of it? How do I add CRM   benefits of it? How do I add CRM integration? CRM integration tools. You integration? CRM integration tools. You   integration? CRM integration tools. You can tell like this these are very plain can tell like this these are very plain   can tell like this these are very plain spoken, non-jargon, spoken, non-jargon,   spoken, non-jargon, very organized ways of presenting the very organized ways of presenting the   very organized ways of presenting the same information that you would have in same information that you would have in   same information that you would have in the SEO world, but in a much more the SEO world, but in a much more   the SEO world, but in a much more chunked and reliable way. you have these chunked and reliable way. you have these   chunked and reliable way. you have these very clear uh section boxes and chunking very clear uh section boxes and chunking   very clear uh section boxes and chunking of information to really basically be a of information to really basically be a   of information to really basically be a mini answer box on the page itself where mini answer box on the page itself where   mini answer box on the page itself where you are what is CRM integration and you you are what is CRM integration and you   you are what is CRM integration and you are telling the LLM in a very concise are telling the LLM in a very concise   are telling the LLM in a very concise sentence what a CRM integration is. sentence what a CRM integration is.   sentence what a CRM integration is. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep.   &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Right. Like this is and this might seem &gt;&gt; Right. Like this is and this might seem   &gt;&gt; Right. Like this is and this might seem in some ways like obvious but most in some ways like obvious but most   in some ways like obvious but most websites don't look like this and are websites don't look like this and are   websites don't look like this and are not organized like this and are not not organized like this and are not   not organized like this and are not using this type of straightforward using this type of straightforward   using this type of straightforward language. language.   language. &gt;&gt; Totally. And two questions here. One is &gt;&gt; Totally. And two questions here. One is   &gt;&gt; Totally. And two questions here. One is the layout that we're looking at now the layout that we're looking at now   the layout that we're looking at now because like you're you're an SEO expert because like you're you're an SEO expert   because like you're you're an SEO expert also. What how would this have been also. What how would this have been   also. What how would this have been different in a preo world? Would this different in a preo world? Would this   different in a preo world? Would this have been formatted in a noticeably have been formatted in a noticeably   have been formatted in a noticeably different fashion to rank well in SEO or different fashion to rank well in SEO or   different fashion to rank well in SEO or is it quite similar? is it quite similar?   is it quite similar? &gt;&gt; So, this is a great question. You think &gt;&gt; So, this is a great question. You think   &gt;&gt; So, this is a great question. You think about what you were solving for in the about what you were solving for in the   about what you were solving for in the world of SEO. You were solving do I have world of SEO. You were solving do I have   world of SEO. You were solving do I have the right keywords on that page and that the right keywords on that page and that   the right keywords on that page and that would not just that would not be headers would not just that would not be headers   would not just that would not be headers and questions. That would be what's my and questions. That would be what's my   and questions. That would be what's my keyword density? Am I using the right keyword density? Am I using the right   keyword density? Am I using the right words? my do I have the right internal words? my do I have the right internal   words? my do I have the right internal linking so that the Google bot is linking so that the Google bot is   linking so that the Google bot is showing that I've got this cluster of showing that I've got this cluster of   showing that I've got this cluster of pages about this topic. So instead of pages about this topic. So instead of   pages about this topic. So instead of like I have these eight pages about this like I have these eight pages about this   like I have these eight pages about this topic. They're all pointing back to this topic. They're all pointing back to this   topic. They're all pointing back to this core canonical version of this page, core canonical version of this page,   core canonical version of this page, instead we're saying, hey, this is many instead we're saying, hey, this is many   instead we're saying, hey, this is many chunks of information. We've essentially chunks of information. We've essentially   chunks of information. We've essentially created one page that has lots of created one page that has lots of   created one page that has lots of different bytes that depending on the different bytes that depending on the   different bytes that depending on the prompt, the AI bot will pull different prompt, the AI bot will pull different   prompt, the AI bot will pull different components out. So does that make sense components out. So does that make sense   components out. So does that make sense that instead of like the network of that instead of like the network of   that instead of like the network of pages, we've consolidated it to one page pages, we've consolidated it to one page   pages, we've consolidated it to one page with much more segmented and chunked up with much more segmented and chunked up   with much more segmented and chunked up information? information?   information? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Well, what make what it &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Well, what make what it   &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Well, what make what it sounds like to me is actually there is a sounds like to me is actually there is a   sounds like to me is actually there is a meaningful difference in how the meaningful difference in how the   meaningful difference in how the information is organized. And it really information is organized. And it really   information is organized. And it really is these chunks that very clearly answer is these chunks that very clearly answer   is these chunks that very clearly answer a question. That question is a kind of a question. That question is a kind of   a question. That question is a kind of logical query that someone would have in logical query that someone would have in   logical query that someone would have in an LLM. I guess the next obvious an LLM. I guess the next obvious   an LLM. I guess the next obvious question I would have as like a business question I would have as like a business   question I would have as like a business owner is let's say I'm getting a bunch owner is let's say I'm getting a bunch   owner is let's say I'm getting a bunch of my traffic through SEO and search of my traffic through SEO and search   of my traffic through SEO and search already does this new way of presenting already does this new way of presenting   already does this new way of presenting information like should I be worried information like should I be worried   information like should I be worried that basically in order to take care of that basically in order to take care of   that basically in order to take care of my future self I'm going to hurt my my future self I'm going to hurt my   my future self I'm going to hurt my current self? It's a it's a really good current self? It's a it's a really good   current self? It's a it's a really good question and I think there are the there question and I think there are the there   question and I think there are the there are edge cases where the answer to that are edge cases where the answer to that   are edge cases where the answer to that might be maybe. But you're looking at might be maybe. But you're looking at   might be maybe. But you're looking at like from what we've seen, it's more like from what we've seen, it's more   like from what we've seen, it's more like 10 20% of like overlap. You know, like 10 20% of like overlap. You know,   like 10 20% of like overlap. You know, this this page for example, this this page for example,   this this page for example, &gt;&gt; this didn't get a lot of search traffic. &gt;&gt; this didn't get a lot of search traffic.   &gt;&gt; this didn't get a lot of search traffic. It got some search traffic. It's getting It got some search traffic. It's getting   It got some search traffic. It's getting it's getting way more pickup in AEO. And it's getting way more pickup in AEO. And   it's getting way more pickup in AEO. And part of that's because this this like part of that's because this this like   part of that's because this this like even the queries are different. you even the queries are different. you   even the queries are different. you know, like all of this information is know, like all of this information is   know, like all of this information is about how to integrate and take action about how to integrate and take action   about how to integrate and take action around a CRM, not like what a CRM does, around a CRM, not like what a CRM does,   around a CRM, not like what a CRM does, how do you use one, all of the the how do you use one, all of the the   how do you use one, all of the the how-to type of stuff. So, yes, how-to type of stuff. So, yes,   how-to type of stuff. So, yes, occasionally, but I think you'll find occasionally, but I think you'll find   occasionally, but I think you'll find that you kind of have your h how-to long that you kind of have your h how-to long   that you kind of have your h how-to long form that is still ranking well in form that is still ranking well in   form that is still ranking well in traditional search in a lot of markets, traditional search in a lot of markets,   traditional search in a lot of markets, but this is kind of an additive to it but this is kind of an additive to it   but this is kind of an additive to it most of the time. most of the time.   most of the time. &gt;&gt; Cool. &gt;&gt; Cool.   &gt;&gt; Cool. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so as we as we go through &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so as we as we go through   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so as we as we go through this, you're going to continue to see this, you're going to continue to see   this, you're going to continue to see Alex where we've got align visuals. We Alex where we've got align visuals. We   Alex where we've got align visuals. We have visuals with a lot of text here to have visuals with a lot of text here to   have visuals with a lot of text here to also because AI bots can also take that also because AI bots can also take that   also because AI bots can also take that text and and and those images and read. text and and and those images and read.   text and and and those images and read. So, it's both for the user and for the So, it's both for the user and for the   So, it's both for the user and for the chat, GPT, Gemini, Perplexity, what have chat, GPT, Gemini, Perplexity, what have   chat, GPT, Gemini, Perplexity, what have you. And then you see there's very you. And then you see there's very   you. And then you see there's very unique sections. These sections are all unique sections. These sections are all   unique sections. These sections are all pretty short. In the SEO world, each one pretty short. In the SEO world, each one   pretty short. In the SEO world, each one of these sections would have been like a of these sections would have been like a   of these sections would have been like a thousand words, you know, and these are thousand words, you know, and these are   thousand words, you know, and these are now a paragraph or two. And so, it's now a paragraph or two. And so, it's   now a paragraph or two. And so, it's much more broken up. You see that we've much more broken up. You see that we've   much more broken up. You see that we've got video explanations so that if the AI got video explanations so that if the AI   got video explanations so that if the AI bot decides that it needs to put a video bot decides that it needs to put a video   bot decides that it needs to put a video example in, it can pull the video that example in, it can pull the video that   example in, it can pull the video that we want into the page. we want into the page.   we want into the page. And so this is just like a really good And so this is just like a really good   And so this is just like a really good example of like a very detailed page example of like a very detailed page   example of like a very detailed page that historically probably would have that historically probably would have   that historically probably would have been 10 different pages been 10 different pages   been 10 different pages &gt;&gt; in the SEO world that is now chunked up &gt;&gt; in the SEO world that is now chunked up   &gt;&gt; in the SEO world that is now chunked up into one long page that gives people into one long page that gives people   into one long page that gives people some some insights and more importantly some some insights and more importantly   some some insights and more importantly is built for robots just as much as is built for robots just as much as   is built for robots just as much as humans. humans.   humans. &gt;&gt; Love it. Um few follow-up questions but &gt;&gt; Love it. Um few follow-up questions but   &gt;&gt; Love it. Um few follow-up questions but good comment from Daniel Green who said good comment from Daniel Green who said   good comment from Daniel Green who said I am so amped for cooking recipes to I am so amped for cooking recipes to   I am so amped for cooking recipes to lose the novels and just be instructions lose the novels and just be instructions   lose the novels and just be instructions again. Oh, uh, yes. I'm very I'm very again. Oh, uh, yes. I'm very I'm very   again. Oh, uh, yes. I'm very I'm very excited for you, Daniel Green. Um, okay. excited for you, Daniel Green. Um, okay.   excited for you, Daniel Green. Um, okay. First question is I've heard in the First question is I've heard in the   First question is I've heard in the world of AEO, like companies not only world of AEO, like companies not only   world of AEO, like companies not only having like their HTML and CSS on their having like their HTML and CSS on their   having like their HTML and CSS on their site, but also having a markdown version site, but also having a markdown version   site, but also having a markdown version of their page because it's easier for an of their page because it's easier for an   of their page because it's easier for an LLM to read or when like pre-training is LLM to read or when like pre-training is   LLM to read or when like pre-training is done for models, markdown is what's done for models, markdown is what's   done for models, markdown is what's used. Is that something people need to used. Is that something people need to   used. Is that something people need to think about? Is that not a real thing? think about? Is that not a real thing?   think about? Is that not a real thing? Do you guys think about this at HubSpot? Do you guys think about this at HubSpot?   Do you guys think about this at HubSpot? I think if you're super advanced, that's I think if you're super advanced, that's   I think if you're super advanced, that's something you should cons. There are a something you should cons. There are a   something you should cons. There are a few things. There's like there's the few things. There's like there's the   few things. There's like there's the markdown. There's also how you manage markdown. There's also how you manage   markdown. There's also how you manage your CDN and determine where you're your CDN and determine where you're   your CDN and determine where you're allowing the bot traffic to go on your allowing the bot traffic to go on your   allowing the bot traffic to go on your site, where you're sending the bot site, where you're sending the bot   site, where you're sending the bot traffic. Those are like very like those traffic. Those are like very like those   traffic. Those are like very like those are optimization things versus like the are optimization things versus like the   are optimization things versus like the obvious uh things for most people. obvious uh things for most people.   obvious uh things for most people. &gt;&gt; You're like a year away from caring &gt;&gt; You're like a year away from caring   &gt;&gt; You're like a year away from caring about that is the honest my honest take. about that is the honest my honest take.   about that is the honest my honest take. And in a year from now it might not And in a year from now it might not   And in a year from now it might not matter. matter.   matter. &gt;&gt; Yep. Absolutely. Selfish question for &gt;&gt; Yep. Absolutely. Selfish question for   &gt;&gt; Yep. Absolutely. Selfish question for what we do at 10X. Every So we're having what we do at 10X. Every So we're having   what we do at 10X. Every So we're having this conversation now. And you know I'm this conversation now. And you know I'm   this conversation now. And you know I'm a big believer in squeeze all the juice a big believer in squeeze all the juice   a big believer in squeeze all the juice out of the lemon from a content out of the lemon from a content   out of the lemon from a content perspective. One of the things we do perspective. One of the things we do   perspective. One of the things we do with this content is we turn every with this content is we turn every   with this content is we turn every conversation, every workflow like this conversation, every workflow like this   conversation, every workflow like this into a playbook on our site. It is an into a playbook on our site. It is an   into a playbook on our site. It is an email gated playbook. The question is is email gated playbook. The question is is   email gated playbook. The question is is did that does that completely kill AEO did that does that completely kill AEO   did that does that completely kill AEO because there's the email gate there. Do because there's the email gate there. Do   because there's the email gate there. Do is there any knowledge around that is there any knowledge around that   is there any knowledge around that because obviously the value is we because obviously the value is we   because obviously the value is we collect emails but the downside would be collect emails but the downside would be   collect emails but the downside would be we're just completely crushing any we're just completely crushing any   we're just completely crushing any possibility of us showing up uh in an possibility of us showing up uh in an   possibility of us showing up uh in an LLM. LLM.   LLM. &gt;&gt; So there so there's a couple things. &gt;&gt; So there so there's a couple things.   &gt;&gt; So there so there's a couple things. It's largely like are you letting the It's largely like are you letting the   It's largely like are you letting the LLMs crawl that gated page? Like you LLMs crawl that gated page? Like you   LLMs crawl that gated page? Like you used to have this same issue with used to have this same issue with   used to have this same issue with landing pages uh and you would just have landing pages uh and you would just have   landing pages uh and you would just have to decide do you want like the thank you to decide do you want like the thank you   to decide do you want like the thank you page the page after the landing page to page the page after the landing page to   page the page after the landing page to get ranked or not and that was a big get ranked or not and that was a big   get ranked or not and that was a big decision for a lot of businesses. So, decision for a lot of businesses. So,   decision for a lot of businesses. So, it's just like do you want are you it's just like do you want are you   it's just like do you want are you allowing those pages to basically be allowing those pages to basically be   allowing those pages to basically be public pages and just in that public pages and just in that   public pages and just in that transactional moment they're gated but transactional moment they're gated but   transactional moment they're gated but if somebody searches they can find them if somebody searches they can find them   if somebody searches they can find them or is it really locked down and only or is it really locked down and only   or is it really locked down and only behind that gate does it exist and if behind that gate does it exist and if   behind that gate does it exist and if it's only behind that gate it's exist it's only behind that gate it's exist   it's only behind that gate it's exist then yeah you are losing out like the then yeah you are losing out like the   then yeah you are losing out like the bigger notion to me like this one of my bigger notion to me like this one of my   bigger notion to me like this one of my big pet rocks on this that I want to big pet rocks on this that I want to   big pet rocks on this that I want to really communicate is all information is really communicate is all information is   really communicate is all information is now available now available   now available whether you give it to people or not. whether you give it to people or not.   whether you give it to people or not. And I think most people do not give And I think most people do not give   And I think most people do not give enough information, do not have a enough enough information, do not have a enough   enough information, do not have a enough public information. Like in this day and public information. Like in this day and   public information. Like in this day and age, for every business to not have age, for every business to not have   age, for every business to not have public pricing is laughable because I public pricing is laughable because I   public pricing is laughable because I can use AI to do deep research on Reddit can use AI to do deep research on Reddit   can use AI to do deep research on Reddit and all across the web and reverse and all across the web and reverse   and all across the web and reverse engineer your pricing. So you're just engineer your pricing. So you're just   engineer your pricing. So you're just sales making people's jobs harder sales making people's jobs harder   sales making people's jobs harder because they're going to find it out because they're going to find it out   because they're going to find it out regardless. You're just taking steps in regardless. You're just taking steps in   regardless. You're just taking steps in the process. the process.   the process. &gt;&gt; And not only are they going to find it &gt;&gt; And not only are they going to find it   &gt;&gt; And not only are they going to find it out regardless, they might find it out out regardless, they might find it out   out regardless, they might find it out in ways you don't want them. like they in ways you don't want them. like they   in ways you don't want them. like they like go researching and find out, oh, at like go researching and find out, oh, at   like go researching and find out, oh, at the end of the quarter they always the end of the quarter they always   the end of the quarter they always discount 20%, so I'll just wait. Things discount 20%, so I'll just wait. Things   discount 20%, so I'll just wait. Things like that. So, you want to make sure like that. So, you want to make sure   like that. So, you want to make sure that that   that pricing, FAQs, as much information that pricing, FAQs, as much information that   pricing, FAQs, as much information that lives like private within your company lives like private within your company   lives like private within your company that's acceptable can also be available that's acceptable can also be available   that's acceptable can also be available to the LLMs if you're really focused on to the LLMs if you're really focused on   to the LLMs if you're really focused on getting distribution and awareness getting distribution and awareness   getting distribution and awareness through these these new channels. through these these new channels.   through these these new channels. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Well, I know you have a &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Well, I know you have a   &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Well, I know you have a bunch of slides to get through. I know bunch of slides to get through. I know   bunch of slides to get through. I know you also have like the tool. So, I'll you also have like the tool. So, I'll   you also have like the tool. So, I'll let you keep cooking and I'm going to let you keep cooking and I'm going to   let you keep cooking and I'm going to look at the uh questions in the chat as look at the uh questions in the chat as   look at the uh questions in the chat as you go through. you go through.   you go through. &gt;&gt; So, let's see here. Um if I I think &gt;&gt; So, let's see here. Um if I I think   &gt;&gt; So, let's see here. Um if I I think we've had this slide a slide up. We've we've had this slide a slide up. We've   we've had this slide a slide up. We've talked a lot about a few things here. talked a lot about a few things here.   talked a lot about a few things here. So, I'm going to going to keep keep us So, I'm going to going to keep keep us   So, I'm going to going to keep keep us moving and if people have questions. moving and if people have questions.   moving and if people have questions. This was like I think a question we This was like I think a question we   This was like I think a question we actually had and I wanted to also actually had and I wanted to also   actually had and I wanted to also address. address.   address. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I've heard I've heard this &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I've heard I've heard this   &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I've heard I've heard this question so many times. Yeah. question so many times. Yeah.   question so many times. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And the the answer is it's not a rebrand &gt;&gt; And the the answer is it's not a rebrand   &gt;&gt; And the the answer is it's not a rebrand of SEO. We also had this like AEO even of SEO. We also had this like AEO even   of SEO. We also had this like AEO even real. I can tell you at HubSpot, we have real. I can tell you at HubSpot, we have   real. I can tell you at HubSpot, we have grown our traffic and customers from AAO grown our traffic and customers from AAO   grown our traffic and customers from AAO like 15x in the last year. Like it's like 15x in the last year. Like it's   like 15x in the last year. Like it's very real and and it's definitely a very real and and it's definitely a   very real and and it's definitely a material part of our business now. Um material part of our business now. Um   material part of our business now. Um and the the the reality is why people and the the the reality is why people   and the the the reality is why people think this is because there's a big think this is because there's a big   think this is because there's a big overlap because some of the stuff you do overlap because some of the stuff you do   overlap because some of the stuff you do for one also impacts the other and we've for one also impacts the other and we've   for one also impacts the other and we've talked about that in the first few talked about that in the first few   talked about that in the first few minutes. Um but it's like these are the minutes. Um but it's like these are the   minutes. Um but it's like these are the things we've already gone over. just things we've already gone over. just   things we've already gone over. just showed you what content chunking was. showed you what content chunking was.   showed you what content chunking was. I've showed you what the answer first I've showed you what the answer first   I've showed you what the answer first architecture is. The what is CRM architecture is. The what is CRM   architecture is. The what is CRM integration and that 60word response integration and that 60word response   integration and that 60word response right after it. Answer first right after it. Answer first   right after it. Answer first architecture. Oh, excuse me here. Um architecture. Oh, excuse me here. Um   architecture. Oh, excuse me here. Um the the other the the other   the the other the other part of this is like do you do the other part of this is like do you do   the other part of this is like do you do your definitions match what other people your definitions match what other people   your definitions match what other people are saying across the web? One of the are saying across the web? One of the   are saying across the web? One of the other things about the the AO bots is other things about the the AO bots is   other things about the the AO bots is that they're they're trying to find that they're they're trying to find   that they're they're trying to find patterns and they're looking to say, patterns and they're looking to say,   patterns and they're looking to say, "Oh, this company says this thing. Does "Oh, this company says this thing. Does   "Oh, this company says this thing. Does do the other companies or do the do the other companies or do the   do the other companies or do the analysts or do these other people also analysts or do these other people also   analysts or do these other people also say this thing the same way?" Because if say this thing the same way?" Because if   say this thing the same way?" Because if there's alignment, then there's a higher there's alignment, then there's a higher   there's alignment, then there's a higher likelihood it's going to be credible. likelihood it's going to be credible.   likelihood it's going to be credible. And that these are kind of the different And that these are kind of the different   And that these are kind of the different things uh that really weren't part of things uh that really weren't part of   things uh that really weren't part of SEO. Like all of these were not SEO SEO. Like all of these were not SEO   SEO. Like all of these were not SEO tactics, but n they now exist in this tactics, but n they now exist in this   tactics, but n they now exist in this new AI world. And the other big thing, new AI world. And the other big thing,   new AI world. And the other big thing, the maybe the biggest thing Alex is, is the maybe the biggest thing Alex is, is   the maybe the biggest thing Alex is, is there's lots of platforms. It's not just there's lots of platforms. It's not just   there's lots of platforms. It's not just a Google game. a Google game.   a Google game. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah.   &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know, yes, Google Gemini and Google &gt;&gt; You know, yes, Google Gemini and Google   &gt;&gt; You know, yes, Google Gemini and Google search is part of it, but Claude, search is part of it, but Claude,   search is part of it, but Claude, perplexity, and chat GPT also all matter perplexity, and chat GPT also all matter   perplexity, and chat GPT also all matter in the early stages of this game. in the early stages of this game.   in the early stages of this game. &gt;&gt; And should you a few questions here. &gt;&gt; And should you a few questions here.   &gt;&gt; And should you a few questions here. Could you assume that best practices for Could you assume that best practices for   Could you assume that best practices for AEO are roughly the same across all AEO are roughly the same across all   AEO are roughly the same across all these platforms? Because I guess one of these platforms? Because I guess one of   these platforms? Because I guess one of the I I I would assume you think of this the I I I would assume you think of this   the I I I would assume you think of this as like a hugely beneficial thing which as like a hugely beneficial thing which   as like a hugely beneficial thing which is one platform doesn't own all of your is one platform doesn't own all of your   is one platform doesn't own all of your traffic and so there's just hedged ris traffic and so there's just hedged ris   traffic and so there's just hedged ris risk there. But then there's obviously risk there. But then there's obviously   risk there. But then there's obviously the question around do the AEO bots and the question around do the AEO bots and   the question around do the AEO bots and these LLMs all work in a similar enough these LLMs all work in a similar enough   these LLMs all work in a similar enough manner that you can be thinking about manner that you can be thinking about   manner that you can be thinking about them all the same. How do you think them all the same. How do you think   them all the same. How do you think about that? Uh yes and um the yes and about that? Uh yes and um the yes and   about that? Uh yes and um the yes and there is each of these platforms have there is each of these platforms have   there is each of these platforms have some nuances and to give you like a very some nuances and to give you like a very   some nuances and to give you like a very specific example example of that open specific example example of that open   specific example example of that open openai has a partnership with Reddit openai has a partnership with Reddit   openai has a partnership with Reddit where it pays for a fire hose of all the where it pays for a fire hose of all the   where it pays for a fire hose of all the Reddit data right and so Reddit is a big Reddit data right and so Reddit is a big   Reddit data right and so Reddit is a big part of answers in chat GPT and so if part of answers in chat GPT and so if   part of answers in chat GPT and so if you are not where it's less of a part of you are not where it's less of a part of   you are not where it's less of a part of answers in something like claude but if answers in something like claude but if   answers in something like claude but if you are not participating in Reddit you you are not participating in Reddit you   you are not participating in Reddit you do not have a presence on Reddit, then do not have a presence on Reddit, then   do not have a presence on Reddit, then that is going to impact how you show up that is going to impact how you show up   that is going to impact how you show up in chat GPT, right? So that there are in chat GPT, right? So that there are   in chat GPT, right? So that there are some similarities like this like the the some similarities like this like the the   some similarities like this like the the architecture, the on-page stuff that we architecture, the on-page stuff that we   architecture, the on-page stuff that we were just talking about that's similar were just talking about that's similar   were just talking about that's similar across all of them. It's the off- page across all of them. It's the off- page   across all of them. It's the off- page stuff. It's the influences that is a stuff. It's the influences that is a   stuff. It's the influences that is a little bit different depending on the little bit different depending on the   little bit different depending on the individual uh LLM. And then the final individual uh LLM. And then the final   individual uh LLM. And then the final one on this slide is I see the fourth one on this slide is I see the fourth   one on this slide is I see the fourth bullet is entity first thinking. It says bullet is entity first thinking. It says   bullet is entity first thinking. It says being recognized in AI's knowledge graph being recognized in AI's knowledge graph   being recognized in AI's knowledge graph uh is greater than or uh keywords. What uh is greater than or uh keywords. What   uh is greater than or uh keywords. What is that what you've already stated or is is that what you've already stated or is   is that what you've already stated or is there a separate idea here? The the idea there a separate idea here? The the idea   there a separate idea here? The the idea here is that here is that   here is that AI needs to understand you know in our AI needs to understand you know in our   AI needs to understand you know in our case at HubSpot what HubSpot does and we case at HubSpot what HubSpot does and we   case at HubSpot what HubSpot does and we have to be consistent. Like before we have to be consistent. Like before we   have to be consistent. Like before we could just list out a million keywords, could just list out a million keywords,   could just list out a million keywords, right? And rank for those keywords. right? And rank for those keywords.   right? And rank for those keywords. Somebody would find them and then we Somebody would find them and then we   Somebody would find them and then we could eventually maybe tell them about could eventually maybe tell them about   could eventually maybe tell them about HubSpot, right? Now if somebody is HubSpot, right? Now if somebody is   HubSpot, right? Now if somebody is asking a bot for anything related to asking a bot for anything related to   asking a bot for anything related to what we do, AI has a memory has context what we do, AI has a memory has context   what we do, AI has a memory has context of what HubSpot is as a company and what of what HubSpot is as a company and what   of what HubSpot is as a company and what we do. And we have to make sure that we we do. And we have to make sure that we   we do. And we have to make sure that we are telling it who we are, the products are telling it who we are, the products   are telling it who we are, the products we offer completely. So it has the right we offer completely. So it has the right   we offer completely. So it has the right picture of us which is very different picture of us which is very different   picture of us which is very different from search engine which was very from search engine which was very   from search engine which was very fragmented, very diverse. fragmented, very diverse.   fragmented, very diverse. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Cool. This is great. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Cool. This is great.   &gt;&gt; Awesome. Cool. This is great. &gt;&gt; Cool. Um, here is what I think is the &gt;&gt; Cool. Um, here is what I think is the   &gt;&gt; Cool. Um, here is what I think is the most interesting stat in the entire most interesting stat in the entire   most interesting stat in the entire deck, Alex, which is almost 60% of AI deck, Alex, which is almost 60% of AI   deck, Alex, which is almost 60% of AI citations do not come from the top 20 citations do not come from the top 20   citations do not come from the top 20 Google results. Google results.   Google results. And so, let me unpack this. Let me And so, let me unpack this. Let me   And so, let me unpack this. Let me explain this. That means if I'm looking explain this. That means if I'm looking   explain this. That means if I'm looking for Gemini in chat, GPT, Gemini, for Gemini in chat, GPT, Gemini,   for Gemini in chat, GPT, Gemini, perplexity, etc. I'm I put a prompt in perplexity, etc. I'm I put a prompt in   perplexity, etc. I'm I put a prompt in and it gives me a result for my and it gives me a result for my   and it gives me a result for my question. the links within that result. question. the links within that result.   question. the links within that result. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah.   &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; 60% of those links aren't in traditional &gt;&gt; 60% of those links aren't in traditional   &gt;&gt; 60% of those links aren't in traditional Google search, the top 20 links. Google search, the top 20 links.   Google search, the top 20 links. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's wild. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's wild.   &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's wild. &gt;&gt; Isn't that wild? &gt;&gt; Isn't that wild?   &gt;&gt; Isn't that wild? So, it's kind of a it shows you that So, it's kind of a it shows you that   So, it's kind of a it shows you that there's a very different mode happening there's a very different mode happening   there's a very different mode happening here and that there's a new green field here and that there's a new green field   here and that there's a new green field opportunity for so many businesses. opportunity for so many businesses.   opportunity for so many businesses. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, what what that tells me is &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, what what that tells me is   &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, what what that tells me is even though to your point that SEO and even though to your point that SEO and   even though to your point that SEO and AEO smell similar and you you said AEO smell similar and you you said   AEO smell similar and you you said before like there's this foundation of before like there's this foundation of   before like there's this foundation of SEO that you can build on top of for SEO that you can build on top of for   SEO that you can build on top of for AEO, AEO,   AEO, &gt;&gt; obviously they're not that similar. &gt;&gt; obviously they're not that similar.   &gt;&gt; obviously they're not that similar. &gt;&gt; Uh or else you wouldn't be getting that &gt;&gt; Uh or else you wouldn't be getting that   &gt;&gt; Uh or else you wouldn't be getting that 60% of the results you're getting within 60% of the results you're getting within   60% of the results you're getting within LLM are not showing up basically in the LLM are not showing up basically in the   LLM are not showing up basically in the first two pages of Google. first two pages of Google.   first two pages of Google. &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; Correct.   &gt;&gt; Correct. Well, because remember traditional Well, because remember traditional   Well, because remember traditional Google search is to give you an answer Google search is to give you an answer   Google search is to give you an answer and AI is to help you take an action and and AI is to help you take an action and   and AI is to help you take an action and there's and AI is also much more like an there's and AI is also much more like an   there's and AI is also much more like an ultra longtail. The average prompt ultra longtail. The average prompt   ultra longtail. The average prompt search in one of the LLMs is like 40 to search in one of the LLMs is like 40 to   search in one of the LLMs is like 40 to 60 words where like in in Google it's 60 words where like in in Google it's   60 words where like in in Google it's like four to six words, you know, it's like four to six words, you know, it's   like four to six words, you know, it's like it's a much different level of like it's a much different level of   like it's a much different level of complexity that's happening in these complexity that's happening in these   complexity that's happening in these LLMs. And if you just look at that then LLMs. And if you just look at that then   LLMs. And if you just look at that then that explains that there has to be some that explains that there has to be some   that explains that there has to be some level of difference, right? Yeah, it's level of difference, right? Yeah, it's   level of difference, right? Yeah, it's also it's a it's such a crazy thing to also it's a it's such a crazy thing to   also it's a it's such a crazy thing to think about also because I you know I think about also because I you know I   think about also because I you know I know people who are in the SEO world. know people who are in the SEO world.   know people who are in the SEO world. They are they you know use the these They are they you know use the these   They are they you know use the these different um applications and software different um applications and software   different um applications and software providers to basically look at keywords, providers to basically look at keywords,   providers to basically look at keywords, look at longtail keywords and like you look at longtail keywords and like you   look at longtail keywords and like you know targeting longtail keywords but know targeting longtail keywords but   know targeting longtail keywords but valuable long tail keywords was always valuable long tail keywords was always   valuable long tail keywords was always like a really important thing for SEO like a really important thing for SEO   like a really important thing for SEO focused companies. focused companies.   focused companies. I'm just like racking my brain. Is that I'm just like racking my brain. Is that   I'm just like racking my brain. Is that even possible to do that in an AEO even possible to do that in an AEO   even possible to do that in an AEO world? And like will similar type of world? And like will similar type of   world? And like will similar type of technologies even be possible when the technologies even be possible when the   technologies even be possible when the average query is 40 to 60 characters? average query is 40 to 60 characters?   average query is 40 to 60 characters? Like the long the this long tail is Like the long the this long tail is   Like the long the this long tail is probably literally probably literally   probably literally 100,000x 100,000x   100,000x times. So like how do you even actually times. So like how do you even actually   times. So like how do you even actually how as an AEO practitioner can you be how as an AEO practitioner can you be   how as an AEO practitioner can you be more scientific about this like SEO or more scientific about this like SEO or   more scientific about this like SEO or is it just not possible? It's it it's is it just not possible? It's it it's   is it just not possible? It's it it's it's like an ultra longtail strategy, it's like an ultra longtail strategy,   it's like an ultra longtail strategy, right? Which is kind of what you're right? Which is kind of what you're   right? Which is kind of what you're going Let me like let me give you an going Let me like let me give you an   going Let me like let me give you an example. Uh we had our event in at at example. Uh we had our event in at at   example. Uh we had our event in at at HubSpot in September, our big conference HubSpot in September, our big conference   HubSpot in September, our big conference inbound, and I was talking with inbound, and I was talking with   inbound, and I was talking with customers. We have a customer uh customers. We have a customer uh   customers. We have a customer uh Wilderness RV, and they're the largest Wilderness RV, and they're the largest   Wilderness RV, and they're the largest RV rental company in New Zealand. They RV rental company in New Zealand. They   RV rental company in New Zealand. They people fly to New Zealand, they rent an people fly to New Zealand, they rent an   people fly to New Zealand, they rent an RV, they drive all around and explore RV, they drive all around and explore   RV, they drive all around and explore amazing things to see in New Zealand, amazing things to see in New Zealand,   amazing things to see in New Zealand, right? Um, right? Um,   right? Um, and SEO is a huge part of their and SEO is a huge part of their   and SEO is a huge part of their strategy. And we were talking about strategy. And we were talking about   strategy. And we were talking about their AEO strategy. And if you if you their AEO strategy. And if you if you   their AEO strategy. And if you if you think about it in these like very think about it in these like very   think about it in these like very practical terms, practical terms,   practical terms, I think you and I would both agree that I think you and I would both agree that   I think you and I would both agree that the previous SEO strategy for businesses the previous SEO strategy for businesses   the previous SEO strategy for businesses like that, it would be like, oh, the 10 like that, it would be like, oh, the 10   like that, it would be like, oh, the 10 things that you must see on a road trip things that you must see on a road trip   things that you must see on a road trip in New Zealand, right? Oh, the five best in New Zealand, right? Oh, the five best   in New Zealand, right? Oh, the five best places to see this type of bird. That places to see this type of bird. That   places to see this type of bird. That kind of stuff, right? Like that that kind of stuff, right? Like that that   kind of stuff, right? Like that that that's what that's what would happen. that's what that's what would happen.   that's what that's what would happen. Now, it's very different because the Now, it's very different because the   Now, it's very different because the type of question would be, "Hey, I'm type of question would be, "Hey, I'm   type of question would be, "Hey, I'm Alex. I live in New Jersey. I have a Alex. I live in New Jersey. I have a   Alex. I live in New Jersey. I have a wife and I have a I have a daughter. wife and I have a I have a daughter.   wife and I have a I have a daughter. She's this this old. She she's really in She's this this old. She she's really in   She's this this old. She she's really in love with these animals." You know, when love with these animals." You know, when   love with these animals." You know, when you would describe it all, you would describe it all,   you would describe it all, &gt;&gt; way more context. Yeah. &gt;&gt; way more context. Yeah.   &gt;&gt; way more context. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And you would have the LLM would &gt;&gt; Yeah. And you would have the LLM would   &gt;&gt; Yeah. And you would have the LLM would basically build you a custom itinerary basically build you a custom itinerary   basically build you a custom itinerary of like what you should do and how you of like what you should do and how you   of like what you should do and how you should see those things and oh, here should see those things and oh, here   should see those things and oh, here you're going to want to rent an RV. So you're going to want to rent an RV. So   you're going to want to rent an RV. So now it's like, wow, that's a whole now it's like, wow, that's a whole   now it's like, wow, that's a whole different ballgame for this company. And different ballgame for this company. And   different ballgame for this company. And they have to actually have the right they have to actually have the right   they have to actually have the right chunkable, organized content that helps chunkable, organized content that helps   chunkable, organized content that helps the LLM understand, oh, you can take my the LLM understand, oh, you can take my   the LLM understand, oh, you can take my RV to all these places. There's not a RV to all these places. There's not a   RV to all these places. There's not a mileage restriction. Like, it's a very mileage restriction. Like, it's a very   mileage restriction. Like, it's a very different set of information when you different set of information when you   different set of information when you start thinking about it in that kind of start thinking about it in that kind of   start thinking about it in that kind of like ultra longtail way. like ultra longtail way.   like ultra longtail way. &gt;&gt; Totally. It also just makes me wonder if &gt;&gt; Totally. It also just makes me wonder if   &gt;&gt; Totally. It also just makes me wonder if they're going to be people or are they're going to be people or are   they're going to be people or are already people that basically try to already people that basically try to   already people that basically try to game this ultra longtail. Oh yeah. By game this ultra longtail. Oh yeah. By   game this ultra longtail. Oh yeah. By creating creating   creating &gt;&gt; hundreds of thousands of derivative &gt;&gt; hundreds of thousands of derivative   &gt;&gt; hundreds of thousands of derivative website pages that just provide slightly website pages that just provide slightly   website pages that just provide slightly different chunks of like slightly different chunks of like slightly   different chunks of like slightly different queries about basically the different queries about basically the   different queries about basically the same type of question. same type of question.   same type of question. I I think what's actually going to I I think what's actually going to   I I think what's actually going to happen, my prediction is that this is happen, my prediction is that this is   happen, my prediction is that this is going to be one of the uh monetizations going to be one of the uh monetizations   going to be one of the uh monetizations of vibe coding is that you are going to of vibe coding is that you are going to   of vibe coding is that you are going to have people spin up like uh instances of have people spin up like uh instances of   have people spin up like uh instances of replet code to just build one-time use replet code to just build one-time use   replet code to just build one-time use apps for these all like I know the there apps for these all like I know the there   apps for these all like I know the there are the these thousand types of queries are the these thousand types of queries   are the these thousand types of queries on this thing that I can build a mobile on this thing that I can build a mobile   on this thing that I can build a mobile app for. I'm gonna build a thousand app for. I'm gonna build a thousand   app for. I'm gonna build a thousand different mobile apps and try to sell different mobile apps and try to sell   different mobile apps and try to sell sell, you know, 400 of those thousand to sell, you know, 400 of those thousand to   sell, you know, 400 of those thousand to these people. these people.   these people. &gt;&gt; That that's so interesting. So, you're &gt;&gt; That that's so interesting. So, you're   &gt;&gt; That that's so interesting. So, you're basically saying it'll go the opposite basically saying it'll go the opposite   basically saying it'll go the opposite way, which is like you're not going to way, which is like you're not going to   way, which is like you're not going to create a,000x the content. You're going create a,000x the content. You're going   create a,000x the content. You're going to create a,000x the product that maps to create a,000x the product that maps   to create a,000x the product that maps to the content query. to the content query.   to the content query. &gt;&gt; That's my that's my thesis. I may or may &gt;&gt; That's my that's my thesis. I may or may   &gt;&gt; That's my that's my thesis. I may or may not be wrong, but either way, not be wrong, but either way,   not be wrong, but either way, &gt;&gt; fascinating to to see. So, what I hope &gt;&gt; fascinating to to see. So, what I hope   &gt;&gt; fascinating to to see. So, what I hope we're walking away from for this part of we're walking away from for this part of   we're walking away from for this part of the conversation though is that there's the conversation though is that there's   the conversation though is that there's a big opportunity. And the other thing I a big opportunity. And the other thing I   a big opportunity. And the other thing I would say, Alex, on the difference, if would say, Alex, on the difference, if   would say, Alex, on the difference, if you think about traditional search you think about traditional search   you think about traditional search engine optimization, really, really engine optimization, really, really   engine optimization, really, really powerful was not a fast process, right? powerful was not a fast process, right?   powerful was not a fast process, right? Like, oh, I I created a website, I Like, oh, I I created a website, I   Like, oh, I I created a website, I created a blog, I added all these pages, created a blog, I added all these pages,   created a blog, I added all these pages, I built these links, and okay, a couple I built these links, and okay, a couple   I built these links, and okay, a couple months later, Google's crawling me a months later, Google's crawling me a   months later, Google's crawling me a little bit more, and then my traffic's little bit more, and then my traffic's   little bit more, and then my traffic's starting, but it's like a six n 12 month starting, but it's like a six n 12 month   starting, but it's like a six n 12 month process, right? AO is much faster. Um, process, right? AO is much faster. Um,   process, right? AO is much faster. Um, you can you can be included same day, you can you can be included same day,   you can you can be included same day, next day. You know, we I host a podcast next day. You know, we I host a podcast   next day. You know, we I host a podcast called Marketing Against the Grain. We called Marketing Against the Grain. We   called Marketing Against the Grain. We we've done videos on like timely things we've done videos on like timely things   we've done videos on like timely things and literally gotten traffic from CH GPT and literally gotten traffic from CH GPT   and literally gotten traffic from CH GPT within hours. within hours.   within hours. &gt;&gt; Crazy. &gt;&gt; Crazy.   &gt;&gt; Crazy. &gt;&gt; And that like that wouldn't have &gt;&gt; And that like that wouldn't have   &gt;&gt; And that like that wouldn't have happened in the old school day of Google happened in the old school day of Google   happened in the old school day of Google search. So, there is a different search. So, there is a different   search. So, there is a different timeline from the AO world versus the timeline from the AO world versus the   timeline from the AO world versus the SEO world. And I think that's to SEO world. And I think that's to   SEO world. And I think that's to consider. Before we move on to the next consider. Before we move on to the next   consider. Before we move on to the next portion, we got a question from Maria portion, we got a question from Maria   portion, we got a question from Maria who said, "So, is it better is it a who said, "So, is it better is it a   who said, "So, is it better is it a better idea to duplicate our website better idea to duplicate our website   better idea to duplicate our website pages with AEO or just do AEO on our pages with AEO or just do AEO on our   pages with AEO or just do AEO on our current pages? If we do it on our current pages? If we do it on our   current pages? If we do it on our current pages, would it kill our SEO current pages, would it kill our SEO   current pages, would it kill our SEO efforts? How do you guys approach us at efforts? How do you guys approach us at   efforts? How do you guys approach us at HubSpot?" Um, I think uh my advice on HubSpot?" Um, I think uh my advice on   HubSpot?" Um, I think uh my advice on this is we look for net new this is we look for net new   this is we look for net new opportunities like what we we solve for opportunities like what we we solve for   opportunities like what we we solve for like the user experience, right? We are like the user experience, right? We are   like the user experience, right? We are looking at prompts um and we're looking at prompts um and we're   looking at prompts um and we're basically like what are people writing basically like what are people writing   basically like what are people writing in related to our products and services in related to our products and services   in related to our products and services in these LLMs. what is the LLM saying in these LLMs. what is the LLM saying   in these LLMs. what is the LLM saying and and   and what are the gaps that we have and how what are the gaps that we have and how   what are the gaps that we have and how we need to show up and what is what is we need to show up and what is what is   we need to show up and what is what is the information we need to fill those the information we need to fill those   the information we need to fill those gaps and do we have an existing page gaps and do we have an existing page   gaps and do we have an existing page that we might need to make an edit to that we might need to make an edit to   that we might need to make an edit to and if so we haven't found a huge and if so we haven't found a huge   and if so we haven't found a huge trade-off between SEO and AO and making trade-off between SEO and AO and making   trade-off between SEO and AO and making those edits but often not it is like we those edits but often not it is like we   those edits but often not it is like we need to make a new page need to make a new page   need to make a new page &gt;&gt; y &gt;&gt; y   &gt;&gt; y &gt;&gt; um and so it's going to be a little bit &gt;&gt; um and so it's going to be a little bit   &gt;&gt; um and so it's going to be a little bit of both would be my answer of both would be my answer   of both would be my answer &gt;&gt; and then one other question from Tom Bab &gt;&gt; and then one other question from Tom Bab   &gt;&gt; and then one other question from Tom Bab um who runs marketing at gauntlet AI is um who runs marketing at gauntlet AI is   um who runs marketing at gauntlet AI is he said does domain authority matter he said does domain authority matter   he said does domain authority matter &gt;&gt; not right now in AO &gt;&gt; not right now in AO   &gt;&gt; not right now in AO again entity understanding matters and again entity understanding matters and   again entity understanding matters and on a given topic right the AI bot is on a given topic right the AI bot is   on a given topic right the AI bot is going to look at the conversations and going to look at the conversations and   going to look at the conversations and information across the internet on that information across the internet on that   information across the internet on that topic and it's going to look and see how topic and it's going to look and see how   topic and it's going to look and see how authoritative do we think this this is authoritative do we think this this is   authoritative do we think this this is on the top this product is on the topic on the top this product is on the topic   on the top this product is on the topic like hey oh it's got really good reviews like hey oh it's got really good reviews   like hey oh it's got really good reviews People are talking about it on Reddit, People are talking about it on Reddit,   People are talking about it on Reddit, blah blah blah. All right. Now, it's blah blah blah. All right. Now, it's   blah blah blah. All right. Now, it's going to likely be a bigger part of the going to likely be a bigger part of the   going to likely be a bigger part of the answer versus like the traditional like answer versus like the traditional like   answer versus like the traditional like page rank domain authority. page rank domain authority.   page rank domain authority. &gt;&gt; It It's interesting. It almost in a a &gt;&gt; It It's interesting. It almost in a a   &gt;&gt; It It's interesting. It almost in a a totally separate context, but reminds me totally separate context, but reminds me   totally separate context, but reminds me of like what's happening on social of like what's happening on social   of like what's happening on social platforms now in the era of going from platforms now in the era of going from   platforms now in the era of going from social graphs to interest graph where social graphs to interest graph where   social graphs to interest graph where your ex your your long-standing your ex your your long-standing   your ex your your long-standing reputation actually matters less. And reputation actually matters less. And   reputation actually matters less. And what matters most is like you're only as what matters most is like you're only as   what matters most is like you're only as good as your last piece of content good as your last piece of content   good as your last piece of content performed. It almost feels like a performed. It almost feels like a   performed. It almost feels like a similar similar   similar &gt;&gt; It is similar. I think it's I hadn't &gt;&gt; It is similar. I think it's I hadn't   &gt;&gt; It is similar. I think it's I hadn't thought of it that way, but I think thought of it that way, but I think   thought of it that way, but I think you're right. you're right.   you're right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like you're you're in AEO, you're &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like you're you're in AEO, you're   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like you're you're in AEO, you're only as good as the quality of the chunk only as good as the quality of the chunk   only as good as the quality of the chunk that you provided to the query that the that you provided to the query that the   that you provided to the query that the person asked. person asked.   person asked. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And if somebody comes along and &gt;&gt; Yeah. And if somebody comes along and   &gt;&gt; Yeah. And if somebody comes along and does something better and has a bigger does something better and has a bigger   does something better and has a bigger and bolder presence across the web, then and bolder presence across the web, then   and bolder presence across the web, then they'll be they'll be what's next. they'll be they'll be what's next.   they'll be they'll be what's next. &gt;&gt; Interesting. Cool. Okay, let's keep it &gt;&gt; Interesting. Cool. Okay, let's keep it   &gt;&gt; Interesting. Cool. Okay, let's keep it going. This is going. This is   going. This is &gt;&gt; Let's keep it going. Um, okay. So, I &gt;&gt; Let's keep it going. Um, okay. So, I   &gt;&gt; Let's keep it going. Um, okay. So, I thought I thought that was like super thought I thought that was like super   thought I thought that was like super interesting. Now, Alex, we've got we've interesting. Now, Alex, we've got we've   interesting. Now, Alex, we've got we've got a tool at HubSpot called AOGrader. got a tool at HubSpot called AOGrader.   got a tool at HubSpot called AOGrader. It's free. I'm going to show it to you. It's free. I'm going to show it to you.   It's free. I'm going to show it to you. We did 10X uh did your company and we're We did 10X uh did your company and we're   We did 10X uh did your company and we're we're going to go through, but before we we're going to go through, but before we   we're going to go through, but before we get into it, it really looks at like get into it, it really looks at like   get into it, it really looks at like five things. It looks at how is your five things. It looks at how is your   five things. It looks at how is your brand show recognized on these AEO brand show recognized on these AEO   brand show recognized on these AEO search platforms. What's your score? How search platforms. What's your score? How   search platforms. What's your score? How often are you mentioned versus your often are you mentioned versus your   often are you mentioned versus your competitor in the market? Um what is competitor in the market? Um what is   competitor in the market? Um what is like the quality of your presence? So, like the quality of your presence? So,   like the quality of your presence? So, how rich and reliable is your content to how rich and reliable is your content to   how rich and reliable is your content to the AI search engines? What's the the AI search engines? What's the   the AI search engines? What's the sentiment of your brand? Are you talked sentiment of your brand? Are you talked   sentiment of your brand? Are you talked about positively on these search about positively on these search   about positively on these search engines? And then what's your share of engines? And then what's your share of   engines? And then what's your share of voice like? How much does AI mention you voice like? How much does AI mention you   voice like? How much does AI mention you versus your competitors? versus your competitors?   versus your competitors? &gt;&gt; Okay, sounds great. I'm incredibly &gt;&gt; Okay, sounds great. I'm incredibly   &gt;&gt; Okay, sounds great. I'm incredibly scared for what it's going to pop out, scared for what it's going to pop out,   scared for what it's going to pop out, but opportunity. We call it opportunity. but opportunity. We call it opportunity.   but opportunity. We call it opportunity. &gt;&gt; Don't be don't be scared. So, this is a &gt;&gt; Don't be don't be scared. So, this is a   &gt;&gt; Don't be don't be scared. So, this is a grader. What I did is I put in 10x grader. What I did is I put in 10x   grader. What I did is I put in 10x United States um AI and technology and United States um AI and technology and   United States um AI and technology and then I I went ahead and created your then I I went ahead and created your   then I I went ahead and created your report. So here's your report. Okay. So report. So here's your report. Okay. So   report. So here's your report. Okay. So you see 10x labs here and you see we you see 10x labs here and you see we   you see 10x labs here and you see we have three columns and these columns are have three columns and these columns are   have three columns and these columns are going to persist OpenAI, Perplexity and going to persist OpenAI, Perplexity and   going to persist OpenAI, Perplexity and Gemini through the length of the page of Gemini through the length of the page of   Gemini through the length of the page of how you are showing up on each of these. how you are showing up on each of these.   how you are showing up on each of these. So you're doing best in Perplexity, So you're doing best in Perplexity,   So you're doing best in Perplexity, you're doing pretty good in Chat GPT, you're doing pretty good in Chat GPT,   you're doing pretty good in Chat GPT, and you're you're the least strong in and you're you're the least strong in   and you're you're the least strong in Google Gemini, Google Gemini,   Google Gemini, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right?   &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; In terms of like the overall score. And &gt;&gt; In terms of like the overall score. And   &gt;&gt; In terms of like the overall score. And what's interesting is that your brand what's interesting is that your brand   what's interesting is that your brand recognition is pretty low, but you're a recognition is pretty low, but you're a   recognition is pretty low, but you're a new company, so that's not surprising, new company, so that's not surprising,   new company, so that's not surprising, is it? is it?   is it? &gt;&gt; I don't I don't That's not surprising. &gt;&gt; I don't I don't That's not surprising.   &gt;&gt; I don't I don't That's not surprising. &gt;&gt; Not surprising at all. &gt;&gt; Not surprising at all.   &gt;&gt; Not surprising at all. &gt;&gt; You've got a very good market score, 6 &gt;&gt; You've got a very good market score, 6   &gt;&gt; You've got a very good market score, 6 out of 10 for being a new company, which out of 10 for being a new company, which   out of 10 for being a new company, which means you're like you're clearly out means you're like you're clearly out   means you're like you're clearly out there doing things in the market. What's there doing things in the market. What's   there doing things in the market. What's really good is people love your talked really good is people love your talked   really good is people love your talked about very positively. about very positively.   about very positively. &gt;&gt; Let's go. &gt;&gt; Let's go.   &gt;&gt; Let's go. &gt;&gt; Let's go. Which is awesome. What I find &gt;&gt; Let's go. Which is awesome. What I find   &gt;&gt; Let's go. Which is awesome. What I find fascinating is like if you look at the fascinating is like if you look at the   fascinating is like if you look at the quality of your presence, how AI is quality of your presence, how AI is   quality of your presence, how AI is looking at your content. Perplexity looking at your content. Perplexity   looking at your content. Perplexity loves it. It's it's it's going you're loves it. It's it's it's going you're   loves it. It's it's it's going you're going pretty good. going pretty good.   going pretty good. &gt;&gt; Like that's so that's very strange to &gt;&gt; Like that's so that's very strange to   &gt;&gt; Like that's so that's very strange to me. Like why would there be such a me. Like why would there be such a   me. Like why would there be such a difference? difference?   difference? &gt;&gt; Well, I I think it is the sources that &gt;&gt; Well, I I think it is the sources that   &gt;&gt; Well, I I think it is the sources that they're looking at, right? and the they're looking at, right? and the   they're looking at, right? and the depth, the type of quality, you know, depth, the type of quality, you know,   depth, the type of quality, you know, like you're I don't know, are you doing like you're I don't know, are you doing   like you're I don't know, are you doing a ton of stuff on Reddit? a ton of stuff on Reddit?   a ton of stuff on Reddit? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No.   &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's like that's a big input &gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's like that's a big input   &gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's like that's a big input to OpenAI, right? And that's probably to OpenAI, right? And that's probably   to OpenAI, right? And that's probably part of this score. It's not all of it, part of this score. It's not all of it,   part of this score. It's not all of it, but it's a factor in that, right? but it's a factor in that, right?   but it's a factor in that, right? &gt;&gt; For sure. &gt;&gt; For sure.   &gt;&gt; For sure. &gt;&gt; And so the other thing we found out, and &gt;&gt; And so the other thing we found out, and   &gt;&gt; And so the other thing we found out, and this is like a really interesting point. this is like a really interesting point.   this is like a really interesting point. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; Um,   &gt;&gt; Um, you know what you probably also don't do you know what you probably also don't do   you know what you probably also don't do is like affiliate marketing, is like affiliate marketing,   is like affiliate marketing, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; right?   &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; We don't do we don't do any. &gt;&gt; We don't do we don't do any.   &gt;&gt; We don't do we don't do any. &gt;&gt; Yeah. you're not advertising on those &gt;&gt; Yeah. you're not advertising on those   &gt;&gt; Yeah. you're not advertising on those ranking sites and software advice ranking sites and software advice   ranking sites and software advice recommending sites and that kind of recommending sites and that kind of   recommending sites and that kind of stuff. stuff.   stuff. &gt;&gt; The LLMs look at that stuff, man. And &gt;&gt; The LLMs look at that stuff, man. And   &gt;&gt; The LLMs look at that stuff, man. And there's a weird correlation between like there's a weird correlation between like   there's a weird correlation between like paid placements and rankings that paid placements and rankings that   paid placements and rankings that there's like there's arbitrage around. I there's like there's arbitrage around. I   there's like there's arbitrage around. I will just say like there's some science will just say like there's some science   will just say like there's some science there to it obviously, but um there to it obviously, but um   there to it obviously, but um &gt;&gt; because you are so social as a brand &gt;&gt; because you are so social as a brand   &gt;&gt; because you are so social as a brand that's why I'm saying it's I'm not that's why I'm saying it's I'm not   that's why I'm saying it's I'm not surprised by some of the presence. It's surprised by some of the presence. It's   surprised by some of the presence. It's because those social channels are kind because those social channels are kind   because those social channels are kind of wall gardens and less less accessible of wall gardens and less less accessible   of wall gardens and less less accessible to the LMS, right? Twitter's locked it to the LMS, right? Twitter's locked it   to the LMS, right? Twitter's locked it down. No Grock only has access to down. No Grock only has access to   down. No Grock only has access to Twitter data like that kind of thing Twitter data like that kind of thing   Twitter data like that kind of thing where the web and and web content where the web and and web content   where the web and and web content especially like content on your own especially like content on your own   especially like content on your own site, content on affiliate sites, Reddit site, content on affiliate sites, Reddit   site, content on affiliate sites, Reddit in the case of opening up in the case of opening up   in the case of opening up &gt;&gt; which we're doing which we're doing very &gt;&gt; which we're doing which we're doing very   &gt;&gt; which we're doing which we're doing very little of. And the content we're doing little of. And the content we're doing   little of. And the content we're doing the content we're doing on 10X's site the content we're doing on 10X's site   the content we're doing on 10X's site right now again are all of these gated right now again are all of these gated   right now again are all of these gated playbooks. So in my mind like one of the playbooks. So in my mind like one of the   playbooks. So in my mind like one of the first things that we should be doing is first things that we should be doing is   first things that we should be doing is like I think these are hard gates that like I think these are hard gates that   like I think these are hard gates that no matter how you land on the playbook no matter how you land on the playbook   no matter how you land on the playbook you have to put in your email. We have you have to put in your email. We have   you have to put in your email. We have to have a smarter way around like gate to have a smarter way around like gate   to have a smarter way around like gate it in a way that we're still collecting it in a way that we're still collecting   it in a way that we're still collecting emails but also like the LLMs need to be emails but also like the LLMs need to be   emails but also like the LLMs need to be able to see the the text that's in in able to see the the text that's in in   able to see the the text that's in in these playbooks. these playbooks.   these playbooks. &gt;&gt; Correct. Exactly. Exactly right. And so &gt;&gt; Correct. Exactly. Exactly right. And so   &gt;&gt; Correct. Exactly. Exactly right. And so &gt;&gt; now that we've talked about for a minute &gt;&gt; now that we've talked about for a minute   &gt;&gt; now that we've talked about for a minute I'm actually not too surprised about the I'm actually not too surprised about the   I'm actually not too surprised about the presence score. Right. because you're presence score. Right. because you're   presence score. Right. because you're doing so much in LinkedIn and X which doing so much in LinkedIn and X which   doing so much in LinkedIn and X which are pretty walled garden social networks are pretty walled garden social networks   are pretty walled garden social networks and less and a lot of the content on and less and a lot of the content on   and less and a lot of the content on your site is locked down. your site is locked down.   your site is locked down. &gt;&gt; That's um super that's super helpful. &gt;&gt; That's um super that's super helpful.   &gt;&gt; That's um super that's super helpful. And just as I look at this, so what And just as I look at this, so what   And just as I look at this, so what share a voice again you mentioned is share a voice again you mentioned is   share a voice again you mentioned is like how you're mentioned relative like how you're mentioned relative   like how you're mentioned relative &gt;&gt; how you're mentioned relative to like &gt;&gt; how you're mentioned relative to like   &gt;&gt; how you're mentioned relative to like other companies is like what percent other companies is like what percent   other companies is like what percent basically what percent of the time are basically what percent of the time are   basically what percent of the time are you mentioned versus other competitors you mentioned versus other competitors   you mentioned versus other competitors or similar companies? or similar companies?   or similar companies? &gt;&gt; Yep. That that's super helpful. The &gt;&gt; Yep. That that's super helpful. The   &gt;&gt; Yep. That that's super helpful. The other thing I'm thinking about and I other thing I'm thinking about and I   other thing I'm thinking about and I have to talk to producer Brad about this have to talk to producer Brad about this   have to talk to producer Brad about this is we have our newsletter that we send is we have our newsletter that we send   is we have our newsletter that we send out weekly called Ultraink and I'm out weekly called Ultraink and I'm   out weekly called Ultraink and I'm trying to think about like where that's trying to think about like where that's   trying to think about like where that's hosted right now and also if that's hosted right now and also if that's   hosted right now and also if that's hosted on the 10X domain or if that's hosted on the 10X domain or if that's   hosted on the 10X domain or if that's hosted on like our newsletter platforms hosted on like our newsletter platforms   hosted on like our newsletter platforms like site also. So that's that's another like site also. So that's that's another   like site also. So that's that's another thing I need to look into as well. thing I need to look into as well.   thing I need to look into as well. &gt;&gt; And how you repurpose that newsletter &gt;&gt; And how you repurpose that newsletter   &gt;&gt; And how you repurpose that newsletter content into accessible content on the content into accessible content on the   content into accessible content on the on your site, right? on your site, right?   on your site, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's interesting. It also makes &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's interesting. It also makes   &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's interesting. It also makes me think about like the bottom section me think about like the bottom section   me think about like the bottom section of our newsletter. Usually it's like a of our newsletter. Usually it's like a   of our newsletter. Usually it's like a WTF is and some AI term. I'm also WTF is and some AI term. I'm also   WTF is and some AI term. I'm also thinking about like but it's a very thinking about like but it's a very   thinking about like but it's a very chunkable piece of content. It's like it chunkable piece of content. It's like it   chunkable piece of content. It's like it is literally the header of that section is literally the header of that section   is literally the header of that section is always like a question about a is always like a question about a   is always like a question about a certain term in AI and then our answer certain term in AI and then our answer   certain term in AI and then our answer to it. I'm thinking about like that's a to it. I'm thinking about like that's a   to it. I'm thinking about like that's a really good chunk that we can kind of really good chunk that we can kind of   really good chunk that we can kind of think about how are we more methodical think about how are we more methodical   think about how are we more methodical about it to show up in about it to show up in   about it to show up in &gt;&gt; but you can also turn that into like a &gt;&gt; but you can also turn that into like a   &gt;&gt; but you can also turn that into like a modern day FAQ. You could just have a modern day FAQ. You could just have a   modern day FAQ. You could just have a like 10x.com/wtf, like 10x.com/wtf,   like 10x.com/wtf, right? And it's just WTF everything in right? And it's just WTF everything in   right? And it's just WTF everything in AI and it's like this chunked FAQ site AI and it's like this chunked FAQ site   AI and it's like this chunked FAQ site where people can can click through and where people can can click through and   where people can can click through and look at everything. You could build that look at everything. You could build that   look at everything. You could build that pretty programmatically and with the pretty programmatically and with the   pretty programmatically and with the same format and I imagine it would have same format and I imagine it would have   same format and I imagine it would have a material difference in how a material difference in how   a material difference in how &gt;&gt; I love that. That's a great idea. Okay, &gt;&gt; I love that. That's a great idea. Okay,   &gt;&gt; I love that. That's a great idea. Okay, this was super helpful and my promise to this was super helpful and my promise to   this was super helpful and my promise to you is give me a quarter, we'll have a you is give me a quarter, we'll have a   you is give me a quarter, we'll have a conversation again. You're gonna run the conversation again. You're gonna run the   conversation again. You're gonna run the report again and it'll look a lot report again and it'll look a lot   report again and it'll look a lot different. different.   different. &gt;&gt; I I'm I'm here for that deal. Uh I I &gt;&gt; I I'm I'm here for that deal. Uh I I   &gt;&gt; I I'm I'm here for that deal. Uh I I needed to enter my email so that you needed to enter my email so that you   needed to enter my email so that you could get the full report. Come back. could get the full report. Come back.   could get the full report. Come back. Give me the full I I did this already. Give me the full I I did this already.   Give me the full I I did this already. Come on. Uh HubSpot. Come on. Uh HubSpot.   Come on. Uh HubSpot. &gt;&gt; They're like Kip user. &gt;&gt; They're like Kip user.   &gt;&gt; They're like Kip user. &gt;&gt; I forgot to submit it. That was a user &gt;&gt; I forgot to submit it. That was a user   &gt;&gt; I forgot to submit it. That was a user error. That was user error. error. That was user error.   error. That was user error. &gt;&gt; My badge. Um &gt;&gt; My badge. Um   &gt;&gt; My badge. Um okay. So we we we went through we went okay. So we we we went through we went   okay. So we we we went through we went through this stuff and here you go. You through this stuff and here you go. You   through this stuff and here you go. You can now kind of get into even deeper can now kind of get into even deeper   can now kind of get into even deeper dives once you once you do the full dives once you once you do the full   dives once you once you do the full report, right? Because so this is report, right? Because so this is   report, right? Because so this is telling you what your market positioning telling you what your market positioning   telling you what your market positioning classifies you as a leader challenger or classifies you as a leader challenger or   classifies you as a leader challenger or niche player. So right now you're niche niche player. So right now you're niche   niche player. So right now you're niche not surprised you're a startup. not surprised you're a startup.   not surprised you're a startup. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep.   &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; You're innovator. That's definitely the &gt;&gt; You're innovator. That's definitely the   &gt;&gt; You're innovator. That's definitely the right brand archetype for you. Right. I right brand archetype for you. Right. I   right brand archetype for you. Right. I think I think the app is very good. think I think the app is very good.   think I think the app is very good. &gt;&gt; Yeah. All this all this makes sense. um &gt;&gt; Yeah. All this all this makes sense. um   &gt;&gt; Yeah. All this all this makes sense. um the source quality. So rates the the source quality. So rates the   the source quality. So rates the credibility of the sources that mention credibility of the sources that mention   credibility of the sources that mention your brand. Premium sources boost your your brand. Premium sources boost your   your brand. Premium sources boost your authority. So that's one of the things authority. So that's one of the things   authority. So that's one of the things that's hurting you on OpenAI, right? And that's hurting you on OpenAI, right? And   that's hurting you on OpenAI, right? And it's a lot of it's probably Reddit it's a lot of it's probably Reddit   it's a lot of it's probably Reddit candidly. Yep. candidly. Yep.   candidly. Yep. &gt;&gt; Right. And that's the difference of of &gt;&gt; Right. And that's the difference of of   &gt;&gt; Right. And that's the difference of of perception there. perception there.   perception there. &gt;&gt; And just a question on the Reddit thing &gt;&gt; And just a question on the Reddit thing   &gt;&gt; And just a question on the Reddit thing because you've now mentioned it a few because you've now mentioned it a few   because you've now mentioned it a few times enough where like I want to think times enough where like I want to think   times enough where like I want to think about it. Please, about it. Please,   about it. Please, &gt;&gt; this could be a whole another session, &gt;&gt; this could be a whole another session,   &gt;&gt; this could be a whole another session, so we don't need to get into this. so we don't need to get into this.   so we don't need to get into this. &gt;&gt; But but but when you say kind of how &gt;&gt; But but but when you say kind of how   &gt;&gt; But but but when you say kind of how you're talked about on Reddit, is it you're talked about on Reddit, is it   you're talked about on Reddit, is it like do you have people or someone at like do you have people or someone at   like do you have people or someone at HubSpot that literally is just in HubSpot that literally is just in   HubSpot that literally is just in certain subreddits adding value to posts certain subreddits adding value to posts   certain subreddits adding value to posts in replies and natively mentioning in replies and natively mentioning   in replies and natively mentioning HubSpot or different tools? HubSpot or different tools?   HubSpot or different tools? &gt;&gt; Yes. And we have our own HubSpot &gt;&gt; Yes. And we have our own HubSpot   &gt;&gt; Yes. And we have our own HubSpot subreddit. subreddit.   subreddit. &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay. that we that we that we &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay. that we that we that we   &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay. that we that we that we manage and encourage people, customers manage and encourage people, customers   manage and encourage people, customers and everything to share and participate and everything to share and participate   and everything to share and participate in. in.   in. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Okay, that's super helpful. And &gt;&gt; Awesome. Okay, that's super helpful. And   &gt;&gt; Awesome. Okay, that's super helpful. And then what is data richness? then what is data richness?   then what is data richness? &gt;&gt; Data richness, I'm going to give you the &gt;&gt; Data richness, I'm going to give you the   &gt;&gt; Data richness, I'm going to give you the evaluates the variety and completeness evaluates the variety and completeness   evaluates the variety and completeness of available information about your of available information about your   of available information about your brand across digital channels. So this brand across digital channels. So this   brand across digital channels. So this again is the symptom of like a lot of again is the symptom of like a lot of   again is the symptom of like a lot of what you're doing is on Twitter and what you're doing is on Twitter and   what you're doing is on Twitter and LinkedIn and it's locked. That's that's LinkedIn and it's locked. That's that's   LinkedIn and it's locked. That's that's the big issue. It's like 90 90% of our the big issue. It's like 90 90% of our   the big issue. It's like 90 90% of our footprint on the internet is on these footprint on the internet is on these   footprint on the internet is on these platforms. platforms.   platforms. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You're you're doing this social &gt;&gt; Yeah. You're you're doing this social   &gt;&gt; Yeah. You're you're doing this social first, which is great, but it is a first, which is great, but it is a   first, which is great, but it is a disadvantaging a little bit on the AEO disadvantaging a little bit on the AEO   disadvantaging a little bit on the AEO side of things. side of things.   side of things. &gt;&gt; Cool. Okay. &gt;&gt; Cool. Okay.   &gt;&gt; Cool. Okay. &gt;&gt; Cool. Um I I think this is really cool. &gt;&gt; Cool. Um I I think this is really cool.   &gt;&gt; Cool. Um I I think this is really cool. I mean, it tells you what it thinks your I mean, it tells you what it thinks your   I mean, it tells you what it thinks your competition is in terms of like the competition is in terms of like the   competition is in terms of like the answers you're competing against. Open answers you're competing against. Open   answers you're competing against. Open AI, Google AI, Watson, but also like I AI, Google AI, Watson, but also like I   AI, Google AI, Watson, but also like I don't know. I haven't heard a bunch of don't know. I haven't heard a bunch of   don't know. I haven't heard a bunch of these. I haven't heard of 80% of these these. I haven't heard of 80% of these   these. I haven't heard of 80% of these companies. companies.   companies. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, it's like it's cool area to to &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, it's like it's cool area to to   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, it's like it's cool area to to dive into, but it gives you kind of dive into, but it gives you kind of   dive into, but it gives you kind of rough mentions and rough comparison rough mentions and rough comparison   rough mentions and rough comparison mentions which I think is helpful and mentions which I think is helpful and   mentions which I think is helpful and like and when people are comparing you, like and when people are comparing you,   like and when people are comparing you, what are they comparing you on? Pricing, what are they comparing you on? Pricing,   what are they comparing you on? Pricing, support, services, reliability. And support, services, reliability. And   support, services, reliability. And again, some of this stuff is right. Some again, some of this stuff is right. Some   again, some of this stuff is right. Some of it is like it's AI. It's so you're of it is like it's AI. It's so you're   of it is like it's AI. It's so you're going to have to go through and and take going to have to go through and and take   going to have to go through and and take a look yourself. But it gives you like a a look yourself. But it gives you like a   a look yourself. But it gives you like a really nice detailed summary of like really nice detailed summary of like   really nice detailed summary of like your strengths and your perceived your strengths and your perceived   your strengths and your perceived strengths. Remember we were talking strengths. Remember we were talking   strengths. Remember we were talking about the entity of like how is how do about the entity of like how is how do   about the entity of like how is how do they see this company? How do they see they see this company? How do they see   they see this company? How do they see what you're doing at 10x? This is kind what you're doing at 10x? This is kind   what you're doing at 10x? This is kind of a summary of how they see 10x right of a summary of how they see 10x right   of a summary of how they see 10x right now. And you can decide how you want to now. And you can decide how you want to   now. And you can decide how you want to change that by giving them new change that by giving them new   change that by giving them new information. information.   information. &gt;&gt; This is also really interesting. So go &gt;&gt; This is also really interesting. So go   &gt;&gt; This is also really interesting. So go up for a second. Yeah. up for a second. Yeah.   up for a second. Yeah. &gt;&gt; The Yeah. Right. The year. So and this &gt;&gt; The Yeah. Right. The year. So and this   &gt;&gt; The Yeah. Right. The year. So and this is something for us to think about. So is something for us to think about. So   is something for us to think about. So in that middle one on perplexity, what's in that middle one on perplexity, what's   in that middle one on perplexity, what's happening is there are two 10X's. happening is there are two 10X's.   happening is there are two 10X's. There's 10X AI that's a venture-backed There's 10X AI that's a venture-backed   There's 10X AI that's a venture-backed cyber security business and then there's cyber security business and then there's   cyber security business and then there's our business 10X AI transformation firm our business 10X AI transformation firm   our business 10X AI transformation firm and it's basically bundling it into two and it's basically bundling it into two   and it's basically bundling it into two complimentary offerings perplexity. So complimentary offerings perplexity. So   complimentary offerings perplexity. So that's like even how do we make sure that's like even how do we make sure   that's like even how do we make sure that there's separation of businesses that there's separation of businesses   that there's separation of businesses that have the same name from uh for in that have the same name from uh for in   that have the same name from uh for in terms of these terms of these   terms of these &gt;&gt; you might even have to have like a page &gt;&gt; you might even have to have like a page   &gt;&gt; you might even have to have like a page just for the bots that explains that, just for the bots that explains that,   just for the bots that explains that, right? right?   right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. That's that's really &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. That's that's really   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. That's that's really interesting. One other thing I'll just interesting. One other thing I'll just   interesting. One other thing I'll just mention, I think your point around like mention, I think your point around like   mention, I think your point around like most of our footprint being on social, most of our footprint being on social,   most of our footprint being on social, which just doesn't help us from an AEO which just doesn't help us from an AEO   which just doesn't help us from an AEO perspective, is spot on. The only place perspective, is spot on. The only place   perspective, is spot on. The only place where it is helpful, and you guys just where it is helpful, and you guys just   where it is helpful, and you guys just don't track this in the the tracker yet, don't track this in the the tracker yet,   don't track this in the the tracker yet, is Grock. is Grock.   is Grock. &gt;&gt; So, we actually get a lot of traffic &gt;&gt; So, we actually get a lot of traffic   &gt;&gt; So, we actually get a lot of traffic from Grock right now. from Grock right now.   from Grock right now. &gt;&gt; I bet you do. &gt;&gt; I bet you do.   &gt;&gt; I bet you do. &gt;&gt; I bet it's shocking actually. &gt;&gt; I bet it's shocking actually.   &gt;&gt; I bet it's shocking actually. &gt;&gt; It's a lot. &gt;&gt; It's a lot.   &gt;&gt; It's a lot. &gt;&gt; And it's and it's just tied to to how &gt;&gt; And it's and it's just tied to to how   &gt;&gt; And it's and it's just tied to to how you show up on X. you show up on X.   you show up on X. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Exactly.   &gt;&gt; Exactly. That's That's   That's what I wonder is how much of that is what I wonder is how much of that is   what I wonder is how much of that is people hitting Grock in posts versus people hitting Grock in posts versus   people hitting Grock in posts versus like just prompting natively. like just prompting natively.   like just prompting natively. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I So I've asked two people about &gt;&gt; Yeah. I So I've asked two people about   &gt;&gt; Yeah. I So I've asked two people about this. I was speaking to uh a an this. I was speaking to uh a an   this. I was speaking to uh a an executive at a uh you know uh multi- uh executive at a uh you know uh multi- uh   executive at a uh you know uh multi- uh billion dollar uh entertainment and billion dollar uh entertainment and   billion dollar uh entertainment and talent agency. Yeah. And he basically talent agency. Yeah. And he basically   talent agency. Yeah. And he basically just said he thinks like their company just said he thinks like their company   just said he thinks like their company is really behind the eightball with AI. is really behind the eightball with AI.   is really behind the eightball with AI. And he just looked up in Grock. is like And he just looked up in Grock. is like   And he just looked up in Grock. is like who are kind of the the most who are kind of the the most   who are kind of the the most wellrespected AI transformation firms wellrespected AI transformation firms   wellrespected AI transformation firms helping helping   helping &gt;&gt; enterprises with their transformation. &gt;&gt; enterprises with their transformation.   &gt;&gt; enterprises with their transformation. He was like there were four companies He was like there were four companies   He was like there were four companies that came up and you were one of the that came up and you were one of the   that came up and you were one of the four and so then I DM'd you on Twitter four and so then I DM'd you on Twitter   four and so then I DM'd you on Twitter and we got on a call. and we got on a call.   and we got on a call. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay.   &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah.   &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So that is a really good call out &gt;&gt; Yeah. So that is a really good call out   &gt;&gt; Yeah. So that is a really good call out and not one that I have thought about and not one that I have thought about   and not one that I have thought about and now I want to do some different and now I want to do some different   and now I want to do some different stuff on on Twitterx to to more from stuff on on Twitterx to to more from   stuff on on Twitterx to to more from Grock. Um which is which is pretty cool. Grock. Um which is which is pretty cool.   Grock. Um which is which is pretty cool. Um, yeah. And so it show it outlines Um, yeah. And so it show it outlines   Um, yeah. And so it show it outlines growth areas. Like it's pretty it's growth areas. Like it's pretty it's   growth areas. Like it's pretty it's pretty deep in terms of how these pretty deep in terms of how these   pretty deep in terms of how these different engines see you. And but different engines see you. And but   different engines see you. And but again, what I love about this, again, what I love about this,   again, what I love about this, especially around sentiment, is you're especially around sentiment, is you're   especially around sentiment, is you're killing it. And it you're actually killing it. And it you're actually   killing it. And it you're actually showing up really well. It's just how do showing up really well. It's just how do   showing up really well. It's just how do we actually get you to show up more is we actually get you to show up more is   we actually get you to show up more is kind of the next big step. But uh again, kind of the next big step. But uh again,   kind of the next big step. But uh again, this is free. Everybody everybody should this is free. Everybody everybody should   this is free. Everybody everybody should do it. I think it's the right first do it. I think it's the right first   do it. I think it's the right first step. I think the obvious kind of next step. I think the obvious kind of next   step. I think the obvious kind of next step, Alex, on this would be cool. Now step, Alex, on this would be cool. Now   step, Alex, on this would be cool. Now that I know understand the problem, like that I know understand the problem, like   that I know understand the problem, like what the hell do I do? Um, and and part what the hell do I do? Um, and and part   what the hell do I do? Um, and and part of it is the content strategy that we've of it is the content strategy that we've   of it is the content strategy that we've talked about already today. But part of talked about already today. But part of   talked about already today. But part of it is like you if you're really serious, it is like you if you're really serious,   it is like you if you're really serious, there's probably like an a you probably there's probably like an a you probably   there's probably like an a you probably are going to go look for an AO tool to are going to go look for an AO tool to   are going to go look for an AO tool to help you solve this. We've got one help you solve this. We've got one   help you solve this. We've got one coming out HubSpot. We bought an awesome coming out HubSpot. We bought an awesome   coming out HubSpot. We bought an awesome company called Xfunnel that'll be out company called Xfunnel that'll be out   company called Xfunnel that'll be out soon. Uh there's Limey.ai, AI, which is soon. Uh there's Limey.ai, AI, which is   soon. Uh there's Limey.ai, AI, which is which is really good that I like a lot. which is really good that I like a lot.   which is really good that I like a lot. Um, a lot of good tools out there Um, a lot of good tools out there   Um, a lot of good tools out there depending on your business. Go do your depending on your business. Go do your   depending on your business. Go do your own AEO research on them. Yep. But what own AEO research on them. Yep. But what   own AEO research on them. Yep. But what you essentially do is you buy a software you essentially do is you buy a software   you essentially do is you buy a software that is going to let you actually insert that is going to let you actually insert   that is going to let you actually insert the prompts and track the prompts and the prompts and track the prompts and   the prompts and track the prompts and understand on a more granular basis how understand on a more granular basis how   understand on a more granular basis how you're showing up and are the actions you're showing up and are the actions   you're showing up and are the actions you're taking actually impacting how you're taking actually impacting how   you're taking actually impacting how you're showing up. When you say uh you're showing up. When you say uh   you're showing up. When you say uh putting in the prompts, basically you putting in the prompts, basically you   putting in the prompts, basically you just put in prompts that you would want just put in prompts that you would want   just put in prompts that you would want to show up in and it's showing the to show up in and it's showing the   to show up in and it's showing the results. results.   results. &gt;&gt; Yeah, most of this tool now you put your &gt;&gt; Yeah, most of this tool now you put your   &gt;&gt; Yeah, most of this tool now you put your own prompts in. It's going to give you own prompts in. It's going to give you   own prompts in. It's going to give you recommended prompts. It's going to go recommended prompts. It's going to go   recommended prompts. It's going to go and basically and basically   and basically uh see what the prompts are based on uh see what the prompts are based on   uh see what the prompts are based on your company and your product and your company and your product and   your company and your product and services. So, it's going to give you services. So, it's going to give you   services. So, it's going to give you like a between those three vectors, it's like a between those three vectors, it's   like a between those three vectors, it's going to give you a pool of prompts that going to give you a pool of prompts that   going to give you a pool of prompts that you're basically going to track. And you're basically going to track. And   you're basically going to track. And it's all what they're these tools are it's all what they're these tools are   it's all what they're these tools are also going to do is they're going to also going to do is they're going to   also going to do is they're going to help you have a detail into like the help you have a detail into like the   help you have a detail into like the share of voice, the amount of citations, share of voice, the amount of citations,   share of voice, the amount of citations, like the macro numbers that you need to like the macro numbers that you need to   like the macro numbers that you need to move to actually know that you're going move to actually know that you're going   move to actually know that you're going to get more business from these to get more business from these   to get more business from these channels. I'm curious and you don't have channels. I'm curious and you don't have   channels. I'm curious and you don't have to share exact numbers but like from a to share exact numbers but like from a   to share exact numbers but like from a significance perspective if you if you significance perspective if you if you   significance perspective if you if you project like today but then also project project like today but then also project   project like today but then also project out say five years how big of a source out say five years how big of a source   out say five years how big of a source of traffic for HubSpot do you think AEO of traffic for HubSpot do you think AEO   of traffic for HubSpot do you think AEO is going to get to? is going to get to?   is going to get to? &gt;&gt; Okay, so there's there's a couple of &gt;&gt; Okay, so there's there's a couple of   &gt;&gt; Okay, so there's there's a couple of things here. You said a very interesting things here. You said a very interesting   things here. You said a very interesting word source of traffic. I would probably word source of traffic. I would probably   word source of traffic. I would probably switch it to source of customers. switch it to source of customers.   switch it to source of customers. &gt;&gt; Mhm. And the reason for that is because &gt;&gt; Mhm. And the reason for that is because   &gt;&gt; Mhm. And the reason for that is because these LLMs do want to keep people within these LLMs do want to keep people within   these LLMs do want to keep people within the LLM, right? And so, yes, they're the LLM, right? And so, yes, they're   the LLM, right? And so, yes, they're going to site and they're going to send going to site and they're going to send   going to site and they're going to send some people to you, but they're giving a some people to you, but they're giving a   some people to you, but they're giving a ton of the information there. And one of ton of the information there. And one of   ton of the information there. And one of the things it's much harder to track the things it's much harder to track   the things it's much harder to track than regular search is, right? Because than regular search is, right? Because   than regular search is, right? Because you're not getting the the blue link and you're not getting the the blue link and   you're not getting the the blue link and to the UTM to track everything from to the UTM to track everything from   to the UTM to track everything from Google. It might be like, cool, I'm in Google. It might be like, cool, I'm in   Google. It might be like, cool, I'm in chat GPT. I see this thing and then I chat GPT. I see this thing and then I   chat GPT. I see this thing and then I just type in 10xlabs.ai just type in 10xlabs.ai   just type in 10xlabs.ai because that's all I need. That's all I because that's all I need. That's all I   because that's all I need. That's all I need to do, right? And so it's much need to do, right? And so it's much   need to do, right? And so it's much harder to to attribute. Um, and part of harder to to attribute. Um, and part of   harder to to attribute. Um, and part of the other thing is we know that the the other thing is we know that the   the other thing is we know that the conversion rate from from visit to conversion rate from from visit to   conversion rate from from visit to customer is much higher. So I think you customer is much higher. So I think you   customer is much higher. So I think you want to look at like materiality of want to look at like materiality of   want to look at like materiality of customers. If customers. If   customers. If &gt;&gt; I guess I would look at is it's it's 10x &gt;&gt; I guess I would look at is it's it's 10x   &gt;&gt; I guess I would look at is it's it's 10x in the last year terms of like visits in the last year terms of like visits   in the last year terms of like visits and customers from you know you know and customers from you know you know   and customers from you know you know decimal points of percent to like decimal points of percent to like   decimal points of percent to like approaching materiality now. Yeah. And I approaching materiality now. Yeah. And I   approaching materiality now. Yeah. And I would suspect it's going to would suspect it's going to   would suspect it's going to Again, the projections are that even if Again, the projections are that even if   Again, the projections are that even if chat GPT keeps growing the way it is, chat GPT keeps growing the way it is,   chat GPT keeps growing the way it is, it's going to be the size of Google it's going to be the size of Google   it's going to be the size of Google search in a few years. So, I would search in a few years. So, I would   search in a few years. So, I would assume that it's going to be at worst assume that it's going to be at worst   assume that it's going to be at worst like worst case scenario like 20%. like worst case scenario like 20%.   like worst case scenario like 20%. &gt;&gt; Crazy. That's wild. &gt;&gt; Crazy. That's wild.   &gt;&gt; Crazy. That's wild. &gt;&gt; Which is wild, right? &gt;&gt; Which is wild, right?   &gt;&gt; Which is wild, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. That's um &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. That's um   &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. That's um that's insane. And it I didn't even that's insane. And it I didn't even   that's insane. And it I didn't even think about which is a whole another think about which is a whole another   think about which is a whole another thing which is like every marketer has thing which is like every marketer has   thing which is like every marketer has always just like you know they they feel always just like you know they they feel   always just like you know they they feel a shiver run down their spine when they a shiver run down their spine when they   a shiver run down their spine when they hear the word attribution and and and hear the word attribution and and and   hear the word attribution and and and now it's just going to be another huge now it's just going to be another huge   now it's just going to be another huge headache because of to your point the headache because of to your point the   headache because of to your point the trackability of people coming from LLM trackability of people coming from LLM   trackability of people coming from LLM is just so much harder. is just so much harder.   is just so much harder. &gt;&gt; Well look at the words I'm using. I'm &gt;&gt; Well look at the words I'm using. I'm   &gt;&gt; Well look at the words I'm using. I'm using sentiment share of voice. These using sentiment share of voice. These   using sentiment share of voice. These are traditionally very much brand are traditionally very much brand   are traditionally very much brand marketing, brand survey type of metrics marketing, brand survey type of metrics   marketing, brand survey type of metrics &gt;&gt; that you're now applying to search. And &gt;&gt; that you're now applying to search. And   &gt;&gt; that you're now applying to search. And you're applying that to search because you're applying that to search because   you're applying that to search because the tracking is so hard. the tracking is so hard.   the tracking is so hard. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep.   &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; The the the you want to uh another fun &gt;&gt; The the the you want to uh another fun   &gt;&gt; The the the you want to uh another fun wild thing, Alex, that you you may or wild thing, Alex, that you you may or   wild thing, Alex, that you you may or may not expect. You also need to make a may not expect. You also need to make a   may not expect. You also need to make a really amazing 404 page. really amazing 404 page.   really amazing 404 page. Why do you need to make an amazing 404 Why do you need to make an amazing 404   Why do you need to make an amazing 404 page error page for your website? page error page for your website?   page error page for your website? Because the LLM's hallucinate links. So Because the LLM's hallucinate links. So   Because the LLM's hallucinate links. So sometimes they will site links that sometimes they will site links that   sometimes they will site links that don't exist. don't exist.   don't exist. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep.   &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; There were there was one month where we &gt;&gt; There were there was one month where we   &gt;&gt; There were there was one month where we had I think we had like 300,000 had I think we had like 300,000   had I think we had like 300,000 404s from MLMs 404s from MLMs   404s from MLMs just hallucinating links. just hallucinating links.   just hallucinating links. &gt;&gt; That's crazy. That that that's crazy. Is &gt;&gt; That's crazy. That that that's crazy. Is   &gt;&gt; That's crazy. That that that's crazy. Is that why there suck? I feel like there's that why there suck? I feel like there's   that why there suck? I feel like there's such interesting ways you could gamify such interesting ways you could gamify   such interesting ways you could gamify that like oh it is what what if your 404 that like oh it is what what if your 404   that like oh it is what what if your 404 basically just becomes like something basically just becomes like something   basically just becomes like something like like   like &gt;&gt; my guess is you know what one of the &gt;&gt; my guess is you know what one of the   &gt;&gt; my guess is you know what one of the usual suspects sent you here and then usual suspects sent you here and then   usual suspects sent you here and then you actually have like a mini LLM built you actually have like a mini LLM built   you actually have like a mini LLM built like like   like &gt;&gt; that's exactly what I want to do which &gt;&gt; that's exactly what I want to do which   &gt;&gt; that's exactly what I want to do which is like look at the link that got is like look at the link that got   is like look at the link that got hallucinated and generate a page off of hallucinated and generate a page off of   hallucinated and generate a page off of that link and just and just have a that link and just and just have a   that link and just and just have a waiting message that says like I'm waiting message that says like I'm   waiting message that says like I'm generating your page for you right now. generating your page for you right now.   generating your page for you right now. It'll be ready in 20 seconds and do it It'll be ready in 20 seconds and do it   It'll be ready in 20 seconds and do it in real time would be would be awesome. in real time would be would be awesome.   in real time would be would be awesome. &gt;&gt; I love that. Well, I know we we have &gt;&gt; I love that. Well, I know we we have   &gt;&gt; I love that. Well, I know we we have nine minutes left. Is there anything nine minutes left. Is there anything   nine minutes left. Is there anything else you want to cover? Um before we go else you want to cover? Um before we go   else you want to cover? Um before we go to other questions. to other questions.   to other questions. &gt;&gt; Let's go to questions. I've covered the &gt;&gt; Let's go to questions. I've covered the   &gt;&gt; Let's go to questions. I've covered the bulk of what I wanted to cover. I walked bulk of what I wanted to cover. I walked   bulk of what I wanted to cover. I walked you through the tool. I given you a lot you through the tool. I given you a lot   you through the tool. I given you a lot of the like behind the scenes of like of the like behind the scenes of like   of the like behind the scenes of like measurement, sentiment, the growth measurement, sentiment, the growth   measurement, sentiment, the growth curve, and everything there. So, let's curve, and everything there. So, let's   curve, and everything there. So, let's go to questions. go to questions.   go to questions. &gt;&gt; Cool. Okay. So, uh, everyone, uh, who's &gt;&gt; Cool. Okay. So, uh, everyone, uh, who's   &gt;&gt; Cool. Okay. So, uh, everyone, uh, who's watching, hopefully you've gotten a lot watching, hopefully you've gotten a lot   watching, hopefully you've gotten a lot of value from this conversation already. of value from this conversation already.   of value from this conversation already. Drop any questions you have here, and Drop any questions you have here, and   Drop any questions you have here, and we're going to just try to hammer we're going to just try to hammer   we're going to just try to hammer through as many as we can in the next 9 through as many as we can in the next 9   through as many as we can in the next 9 minutes while we're waiting for those minutes while we're waiting for those   minutes while we're waiting for those questions. Um, one question that uh, questions. Um, one question that uh,   questions. Um, one question that uh, someone had shared was around who should someone had shared was around who should   someone had shared was around who should be responsible for AEO. So, obviously in be responsible for AEO. So, obviously in   be responsible for AEO. So, obviously in a smaller company, right, the smallest a smaller company, right, the smallest   a smaller company, right, the smallest company, it's going to be the founder. company, it's going to be the founder.   company, it's going to be the founder. &gt;&gt; Uh, slightly bigger company, it's going &gt;&gt; Uh, slightly bigger company, it's going   &gt;&gt; Uh, slightly bigger company, it's going to be the first marketing hire. But as to be the first marketing hire. But as   to be the first marketing hire. But as you get bigger and bigger, right? you get bigger and bigger, right?   you get bigger and bigger, right? Historically, you've had like SEOs, like Historically, you've had like SEOs, like   Historically, you've had like SEOs, like true like SEO experts, will that similar true like SEO experts, will that similar   true like SEO experts, will that similar thing exist for AEO? And should it just thing exist for AEO? And should it just   thing exist for AEO? And should it just be the SEO who kind of owns be the SEO who kind of owns   be the SEO who kind of owns &gt;&gt; AO? Right now, it's for us and a lot of &gt;&gt; AO? Right now, it's for us and a lot of   &gt;&gt; AO? Right now, it's for us and a lot of companies, it seems to be like a shared companies, it seems to be like a shared   companies, it seems to be like a shared team. And part of I think the reason it team. And part of I think the reason it   team. And part of I think the reason it needs to be that shared team is what we needs to be that shared team is what we   needs to be that shared team is what we were talking about earlier, Alex, where were talking about earlier, Alex, where   were talking about earlier, Alex, where there is some overlap. there is some overlap.   there is some overlap. &gt;&gt; And because there's some overlap, there &gt;&gt; And because there's some overlap, there   &gt;&gt; And because there's some overlap, there is some trade-off conversation, right? is some trade-off conversation, right?   is some trade-off conversation, right? If you're talking about making a change If you're talking about making a change   If you're talking about making a change to your most visited search page, you're to your most visited search page, you're   to your most visited search page, you're like, "Ah, do I really want to do that?" like, "Ah, do I really want to do that?"   like, "Ah, do I really want to do that?" Like, yes, I get some more traffic from Like, yes, I get some more traffic from   Like, yes, I get some more traffic from Chat GT, but how much like there's like Chat GT, but how much like there's like   Chat GT, but how much like there's like a real thought process that has to has a real thought process that has to has   a real thought process that has to has to happen there. to happen there.   to happen there. &gt;&gt; Yep. Absolutely. Um, okay. What other &gt;&gt; Yep. Absolutely. Um, okay. What other   &gt;&gt; Yep. Absolutely. Um, okay. What other questions do we have from the group? Uh, questions do we have from the group? Uh,   questions do we have from the group? Uh, if you allow a model to train on your if you allow a model to train on your   if you allow a model to train on your prompts and in input content about your prompts and in input content about your   prompts and in input content about your company, can that increase exposure on company, can that increase exposure on   company, can that increase exposure on that model? that model?   that model? I mean, I mean,   I mean, &gt;&gt; I don't know. Yeah, &gt;&gt; I don't know. Yeah,   &gt;&gt; I don't know. Yeah, &gt;&gt; most of these models now are are doing &gt;&gt; most of these models now are are doing   &gt;&gt; most of these models now are are doing web search in real time. web search in real time.   web search in real time. And so, it's I think what what Marlin And so, it's I think what what Marlin   And so, it's I think what what Marlin you're asking is like if you let all of you're asking is like if you let all of   you're asking is like if you let all of your data be in the training set for your data be in the training set for   your data be in the training set for that model, is that going to help how that model, is that going to help how   that model, is that going to help how you show up? I think that there was a you show up? I think that there was a   you show up? I think that there was a point in which that was true, but I point in which that was true, but I   point in which that was true, but I think that they're now, you know, have think that they're now, you know, have   think that they're now, you know, have crawlers and are running search queries crawlers and are running search queries   crawlers and are running search queries in real time. So, I think that is less in real time. So, I think that is less   in real time. So, I think that is less of an issue now. So, um, Bill said, of an issue now. So, um, Bill said,   of an issue now. So, um, Bill said, "Kip, if the niche is defined as AI and "Kip, if the niche is defined as AI and   "Kip, if the niche is defined as AI and technology, how is the greater searching technology, how is the greater searching   technology, how is the greater searching to determine a more limited share to to determine a more limited share to   to determine a more limited share to compare TEDx versus other companies? Or compare TEDx versus other companies? Or   compare TEDx versus other companies? Or is it just versus all of those companies is it just versus all of those companies   is it just versus all of those companies with those two tags?" I think it's with those two tags?" I think it's   with those two tags?" I think it's basically saying like if you define the basically saying like if you define the   basically saying like if you define the the the niche that you're in in a the the niche that you're in in a   the the niche that you're in in a multiple ways, how does it know what the multiple ways, how does it know what the   multiple ways, how does it know what the competitor set is? competitor set is?   competitor set is? &gt;&gt; Well, it's it's using natural language, &gt;&gt; Well, it's it's using natural language,   &gt;&gt; Well, it's it's using natural language, right? And so you can type whatever your right? And so you can type whatever your   right? And so you can type whatever your industry and niche is, you know, in this industry and niche is, you know, in this   industry and niche is, you know, in this case AI and technology. And it's look, case AI and technology. And it's look,   case AI and technology. And it's look, it's it's doing two things. It's looking it's it's doing two things. It's looking   it's it's doing two things. It's looking at who plays in those markets. But at who plays in those markets. But   at who plays in those markets. But again, it's looking at that entity again, it's looking at that entity   again, it's looking at that entity knowledge. It went and looked at what knowledge. It went and looked at what   knowledge. It went and looked at what 10X does to determine the types of 10X does to determine the types of   10X does to determine the types of queries, AI transformation types of queries, AI transformation types of   queries, AI transformation types of queries, and who else is showing up for queries, and who else is showing up for   queries, and who else is showing up for those queries. those queries.   those queries. &gt;&gt; Love it. Um, we have a question from &gt;&gt; Love it. Um, we have a question from   &gt;&gt; Love it. Um, we have a question from Kimmy. Do reviews help your positioning Kimmy. Do reviews help your positioning   Kimmy. Do reviews help your positioning or likelihood of getting mentioned in AI or likelihood of getting mentioned in AI   or likelihood of getting mentioned in AI search more than traditional search? search more than traditional search?   search more than traditional search? &gt;&gt; Uh, I don't know if it's more, but &gt;&gt; Uh, I don't know if it's more, but   &gt;&gt; Uh, I don't know if it's more, but because they matter in both, but yes, it because they matter in both, but yes, it   because they matter in both, but yes, it matters. Um, this is what I'm talking matters. Um, this is what I'm talking   matters. Um, this is what I'm talking about. Review sites, um, ranking sites, about. Review sites, um, ranking sites,   about. Review sites, um, ranking sites, awards sites, affiliate sites, those do awards sites, affiliate sites, those do   awards sites, affiliate sites, those do matter, we have found, and there is real matter, we have found, and there is real   matter, we have found, and there is real input depending on the topic of of how input depending on the topic of of how   input depending on the topic of of how they help you show up. from Hugo. You they help you show up. from Hugo. You   they help you show up. from Hugo. You discussed the metric shift where SEO discussed the metric shift where SEO   discussed the metric shift where SEO gave visibility into ranking signals. gave visibility into ranking signals.   gave visibility into ranking signals. With AEO, we're optimizing for blackbox With AEO, we're optimizing for blackbox   With AEO, we're optimizing for blackbox reasoning inside models we don't reasoning inside models we don't   reasoning inside models we don't control. Uh how should CMOs think about control. Uh how should CMOs think about   control. Uh how should CMOs think about the risk of building entire go to market the risk of building entire go to market   the risk of building entire go to market strategies on inference patterns that strategies on inference patterns that   strategies on inference patterns that they don't see or validate? Do we expect they don't see or validate? Do we expect   they don't see or validate? Do we expect providers to start opening up this providers to start opening up this   providers to start opening up this visibility or consulting to CMOs? So visibility or consulting to CMOs? So   visibility or consulting to CMOs? So basically, I think the question is is basically, I think the question is is   basically, I think the question is is like there's way less data on this like there's way less data on this   like there's way less data on this because a an LLM is a black box. Uh is because a an LLM is a black box. Uh is   because a an LLM is a black box. Uh is it a really risky strategy for marketers it a really risky strategy for marketers   it a really risky strategy for marketers to kind of bet on? to kind of bet on?   to kind of bet on? &gt;&gt; Isn't the Instagram algorithm a black &gt;&gt; Isn't the Instagram algorithm a black   &gt;&gt; Isn't the Instagram algorithm a black box? box?   box? &gt;&gt; Yep. I guess I mean I understand the &gt;&gt; Yep. I guess I mean I understand the   &gt;&gt; Yep. I guess I mean I understand the question. Um I just don't believe question. Um I just don't believe   question. Um I just don't believe there's risk in that there's a lot of there's risk in that there's a lot of   there's risk in that there's a lot of closed network YouTube, Instagram, etc. closed network YouTube, Instagram, etc.   closed network YouTube, Instagram, etc. that we are building on and I think it that we are building on and I think it   that we are building on and I think it comes down to incentives like are you comes down to incentives like are you   comes down to incentives like are you aligned with the platform's incentives aligned with the platform's incentives   aligned with the platform's incentives like on YouTube if you're making good like on YouTube if you're making good   like on YouTube if you're making good videos that people want to watch like videos that people want to watch like   videos that people want to watch like you're you're you're you're pretty well you're you're you're you're pretty well   you're you're you're you're pretty well aligned the other thing that happened aligned the other thing that happened   aligned the other thing that happened with traditional search is traditional with traditional search is traditional   with traditional search is traditional search data Google analytics web master search data Google analytics web master   search data Google analytics web master tools that happened because of adwords tools that happened because of adwords   tools that happened because of adwords advertising and the d you start advertising and the d you start   advertising and the d you start surfacing advertising data and surfacing advertising data and   surfacing advertising data and advertising data can also be used on the advertising data can also be used on the   advertising data can also be used on the organic side we know chat GPT is testing organic side we know chat GPT is testing   organic side we know chat GPT is testing ads and is going to roll out ads. So I ads and is going to roll out ads. So I   ads and is going to roll out ads. So I think the first big milestone to think the first big milestone to   think the first big milestone to understand if your question is a real understand if your question is a real   understand if your question is a real concern or not is going to be over the concern or not is going to be over the   concern or not is going to be over the next six months of what information we next six months of what information we   next six months of what information we get from chat GPT and what information get from chat GPT and what information   get from chat GPT and what information we don't. we don't.   we don't. &gt;&gt; Are you are you first in line at the &gt;&gt; Are you are you first in line at the   &gt;&gt; Are you are you first in line at the door to buy ads? door to buy ads?   door to buy ads? &gt;&gt; First in line, sign me up, take my &gt;&gt; First in line, sign me up, take my   &gt;&gt; First in line, sign me up, take my money, money,   money, &gt;&gt; why? &gt;&gt; why?   &gt;&gt; why? &gt;&gt; Uh it's just the history of marketing. &gt;&gt; Uh it's just the history of marketing.   &gt;&gt; Uh it's just the history of marketing. The history of marketing is there's a The history of marketing is there's a   The history of marketing is there's a great first mover advantage. Um, and great first mover advantage. Um, and   great first mover advantage. Um, and when when you're early in cycles, the when when you're early in cycles, the   when when you're early in cycles, the rules have not been written, the value rules have not been written, the value   rules have not been written, the value has not been extracted, and because of has not been extracted, and because of   has not been extracted, and because of that, you have a chance to have a better that, you have a chance to have a better   that, you have a chance to have a better have a better result. You can still have a better result. You can still   have a better result. You can still execute poorly and have that not happen, execute poorly and have that not happen,   execute poorly and have that not happen, but there's we should be able to make it but there's we should be able to make it   but there's we should be able to make it make it work. make it work.   make it work. &gt;&gt; Love it. Tip, this was awesome. Thank &gt;&gt; Love it. Tip, this was awesome. Thank   &gt;&gt; Love it. Tip, this was awesome. Thank you as always for the conversation, my you as always for the conversation, my   you as always for the conversation, my friend. Uh, excited to have you back on friend. Uh, excited to have you back on   friend. Uh, excited to have you back on in the future when uh our uh score on in the future when uh our uh score on   in the future when uh our uh score on your greater your greater   your greater &gt;&gt; I'm excited to see all the work you do. &gt;&gt; I'm excited to see all the work you do.   &gt;&gt; I'm excited to see all the work you do. Uh, this was awesome. Thanks everybody Uh, this was awesome. Thanks everybody   Uh, this was awesome. Thanks everybody for hanging out with us. It was great to for hanging out with us. It was great to   for hanging out with us. It was great to be here. be here.   be here. &gt;&gt; Thanks, man. Appreciate it. Everyone, &gt;&gt; Thanks, man. Appreciate it. Everyone,   &gt;&gt; Thanks, man. Appreciate it. Everyone, see you guys next week. See you.